[{'content': 'Exclamation marks should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 152.44870007262205, 'success_used': 222.0, 'success_unused': 3893.0, 'failure_used': 12.0, 'failure_unused': 489.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Spain !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope our TV station can bring the series into Taiwan soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Language is difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a nice day : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so please teach me English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good luck on your new start !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is the link .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How fast time goes by !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: bye ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Street live !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finished one of my works ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What bitter !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Enjoy !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams are the worst thing in life : D , It really is\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I found through clubing as a girl is some guys are so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to go to Walt Disney World someday ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OMG\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many people claim that `` we should not use nuclear power plant ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last weekend was very nice !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Okinawa ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: mistakes ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a shock !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in life : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was really nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ha ha !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recommend it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , My God !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very cheap ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you tomorrow ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hey hey you you ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading ! ! : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are these sentences OK ? ? : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! My name is Ken .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Friday !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is nothing specal to write ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was really fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Take care .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What was your costume ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lot !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Year ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct these sentences !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: tears . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to work hard ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good Night !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please give me power !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game began .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I fall in love with the liberary in our school ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my English sentences ! ( 20090108 )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hahaha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I must do my homework !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks = )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I slept late this morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I have to lose my weight ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My dog !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish us luck : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a pity !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At Tokyo Disney Resort ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to make many friends !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was horrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and the tears nearly fell from my face . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am really looking forward to it : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: see you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So in this game we lost .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love my students ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: haha ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a coincidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cool !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pay attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh my god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She came back !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How time flies !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a good day ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When will my P4 come back ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring vacation is coming shortly !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the prices are very expensive ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: bye !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bye !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must appreciate my mum and help her ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We may win a trip to NY !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hahaha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so comfortable now ! ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someone help me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ridiculous ? !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: BUT !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wake up !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PLEASE check my mail X (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . in LA . . . omgomgomgomg . . . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really need help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Punctuation should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 106.76365652594497, 'success_used': 145.0, 'success_unused': 2655.0, 'failure_used': 18.0, 'failure_unused': 333.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: E .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should watch my language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading and correcting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Language is difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a nice day : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The article is from the Review & Outlook section .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Street live !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ZAO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it makes me happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many others )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What is the ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to stay more ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many people claim that `` we should not use nuclear power plant ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The important point is `` order `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , there 's not much time left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: mistakes ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I mean . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you again / /\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was too tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He became `` the Cinderella boy `` , or the hero , overnight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Still . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very cheap ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Coincidence\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S . but most Japanese people are not obese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are these sentences OK ? ? : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I get courtesy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: USJ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2010 . 3 . 26\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wonderful voices .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was really fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sixth period was math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: D :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't really like cockroaches . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First entry\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Acording to this , taking a nap is not good for digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I spoke English today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: tears . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( laughing laughing )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe , in this August my mom and I will visit Norway , Sweden and Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good Night !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is this wrong ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( see the map I 've attached )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I Love to learn new things especially languages but I want to learn it because I want to not because I have to , you know\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game began .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I made an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: RAIN\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is the below one OK ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks = )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish us luck : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Best regard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a hero .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: anymore .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh nooo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fifth period was science .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - - - - - - -\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: > <\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 23rd October .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year , my friends and my relatives .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: very simple things . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: noooooow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: haha ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially , in company , there are many relations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you , guys !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is correct ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So that 's the second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a good day ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She came back !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very difficult to say anything . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really need help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Photo No , 1 shows how it is hung on the window in my room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets off such as reading a book , watching news , and writing anything .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are the champions in Asia !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hahaha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mom stared at him and raised me up to show him : D That 's my first memory about this country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: only some sentences\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ridiculous ? !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So the contents are probably poor . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also , can anyone answer this ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can you believe it ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A teacher asked it `` why `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I will never understand all , of course .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should sleep today . . . : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How was your Halloween ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Emoticons should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 56.64447404580241, 'success_used': 89.0, 'success_unused': 3589.0, 'failure_used': 9.0, 'failure_unused': 451.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's impossible to grip the nuance perfectly since I 'm Japanese . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But whatever I will do my best and try to work hard enough to do well in these exams , hopefully : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ha ha !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hahaha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : - D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a nice day : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very cheap ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks = )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope I wo n't get cold . : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish us luck : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hi\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This TV program reminds me of my first errand . haha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is made of spnge : ) It is cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading ! ! : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are these sentences OK ? ? : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Uhh , it 's raining !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: bye ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and remember Kanji which I like ^ _ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( There was a power failure until now . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must appreciate my mum and help her ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh nooo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sorry , that 's all for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At Tokyo Disney Resort ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that 's why I 'm sick now . lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: D :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams are the worst thing in life : D , It really is\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: > <\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mom stared at him and raised me up to show him : D That 's my first memory about this country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sadly , my dad is going bald recently . lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to go to Walt Disney World someday ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: bye !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OMG\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am really looking forward to it : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to stay more ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: noooooow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect what I CAN play like that I did .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PLEASE check my mail X (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( laughing laughing )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I cought a cold : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . in LA . . . omgomgomgomg . . . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh my god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in life : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should sleep today . . . : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a good day ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Age and time expressions can be used to indicate the past tense in English.', 'confidence': 44.683301495432325, 'success_used': 61.0, 'success_unused': 3696.0, 'failure_used': 4.0, 'failure_unused': 480.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thursday October 22nd 2009\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two months ago I went Oshima to meet him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son got sleep at long last .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last Saturday , I play street .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This TV program reminds me of my first errand . haha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very scary because I had been very healthy so far .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is cloudy or rainy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to see them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One day , I was failed to pass the examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I become a member of lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For instance , I started watching Indian movies about a month ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is 27 , older than me by 6 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today first period was `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My room is so messy because I was busy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tuesday Feb 23\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the time from bloom to falling is very early .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw her play first time today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: July 18th\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They asked me if we have fever and cold symptoms .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel the time past faster than usual .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I watched a movie called The Expendables .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After graduated from the university , I got a job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We became friends soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He joined Exile at this moment and danced with them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that program was trashy ; it simplified the discussion too much , and pretended that the matter is really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was depressed strongly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate rice and miso soup .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to pass once .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I meet a friend today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a pity that he retires because of this boring case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I regretted to keep putting him down for 3 hours during the day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was disappointed that I was not young already !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , so I feel better for now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The history of my learning English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: he must leave the power because he got sick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A period should not be used to join two independent clauses without a conjunction.', 'confidence': 31.816331461246012, 'success_used': 39.5, 'success_unused': 2289.5, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 266.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: E .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should watch my language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow , I have an English class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How do you deal with that kind of guy in a club ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is smaller than other people . But he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I read documentaries , science fictions , mysteries . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The article is from the Review & Outlook section .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the last day of my stay there , He said He would plan to go to see Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is in 2009 , it 's so fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought it and ate at home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: related documents , which means I was not allowed to make\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I mean . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third solution is immigration reform .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Almost all students . 3 / 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct this sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All in all , Japan is trying to recover from the stunned situation now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2010 . 3 . 26\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The rooms were big enough , but not so big .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is a funny story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I read his blog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I talk , I forget what I say , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want you to see these pictures .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I spoke English today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: coaster .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game began .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe and we can make money by trading Tokyo stocks according to the following roles :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to see them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are some of causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first movie I watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Very hot , and It was dry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children who appear on this TV program laugh , cry and go shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 23rd October .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He said He traveled around this world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I was uncomfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After I got home , I started repotting and sowing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a new notebook PC .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very difficult to say anything . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The current pension system was mainly created in 1985 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been wondering what she was doing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ridiculous ? !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nice , and I like it , if I have enough time , I will do it again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stephen is cute and brave but now he is gone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to improve this situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I just have\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here all was different , and the teachers too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a period to join two independent clauses without a conjunction.'}]
[{'content': 'Adjective placement: Adjectives should come before the noun they modify.', 'confidence': 31.484015186175494, 'success_used': 43.5, 'success_unused': 3392.5, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 430.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is also very valuable for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very plain and straight forward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was a little happy day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He had funny and intersting dance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked the winter Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it was rather high building .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found that those who swearing or explaining are not only simplifying the matter too much , but also tending to neglect what is really not simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Huang river is the second longest river of China .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wonderful voices .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am very stressful ~ now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was warm fine day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A nice surpise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a patio , not garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also hope to improve my poor English ability this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very surprised and happy to find such a wonderful website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring is very exciting season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is fun indeed , but it is waste time for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was wonderful system .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had long breaktime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like watching a close screen so I killed time reading something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What Chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is new attraction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: friend 's birthday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She had a incredible beautiful high voice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I felt tired my eyes and butt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is the below one OK ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Only problem is that it is very heavy food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too short in break time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I impressed very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is that my English is very clumsy yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first time to write diary on the internet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first movie I watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading English language make me feel very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a new experience and very educational of English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought that it was not good to have a satisfied days when people in the damaged area were suffered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The different values about handsome among cultures are very interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her recent picture was not like her before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found a very cute movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was difficult , but very interesting time )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Another is high - priced tuition .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is one of the most strongest Sumo wrestler in the Sumo history .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Old and not beautiful . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A big strong typhoon is coming towards middle area of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: heavy stomach\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A good review is the best start point .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It gave me a sense of strangeness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like warm season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come fast next season !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very glad to find they liked the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sumo is one of the Japanese traditional sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum efforts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Adjectives should come before the noun they modify.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 30.74099451511547, 'success_used': 46.0, 'success_unused': 3230.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 418.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is only 10 days left for this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And Kanto area reaches the electronic shortage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thursday October 22nd 2009\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It play on station near .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My brother will take it in this Friday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to live my life on my own pace .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other side of the world , a great number of people live in less than 1 dollar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Saturday we went to a club after drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I always watch TV at Saturday night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a piece of toast putting butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have clothes washer in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually new employees are asked to sit on a blue sheet for hours to occupy a nice place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll return to home in Monday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After left Seoul , I did n't use the on - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I had a tour of this city by bike .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese food is available every corner in Thailand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spree from my house after an hour , so we 'd like to play while drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was in Seoul I used to shopping on website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The club has some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This weekend three holidays in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The stock prices rise on the next days after Japanese national holidays , vacation weeks ( April 29th to May 5th in spring ; around August 15th in summer ; 19th o 23th September in fall ; 28th December to 3rd January in winter ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It recomends us that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the first day of 2010 , like the other years , I made the new year resolution .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Punctuation should not have a space before it.', 'confidence': 29.798200689955618, 'success_used': 39.0, 'success_unused': 2308.0, 'failure_used': 1.9999999999999998, 'failure_unused': 287.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then , I found a Japanese TV program introducing Wittgenstein 's ' Tractatus Logico - philosophicus ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finally , I choose the official web site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Being a housewife is really tough .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow , I have an English class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you enjoy this video .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You think the second one was different ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I quarrelled with my wife over a trivial matter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The article is from the Review & Outlook section .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ I 'm so sorry . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is the link .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've made some English classes , actually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , it is my boss 's one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you later !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can you give him any advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finished one of my works ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The ending was great , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very plain and straight forward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Grammer was also wrong . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many others )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , there 's not much time left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: mistakes ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a shock !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , you can .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu 's Retirement\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you again / /\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was really nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you know me ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , My gran ' ma is safe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third solution is immigration reform .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited A & F official website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , who let me know about Lang - 8 was him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct this sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , My God !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hey hey you you ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , we have to finish term examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to improve myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The rooms were big enough , but not so big .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was really fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: D :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I talk , I forget what I say , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What was your costume ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is just the execuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lot !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , after he was chose consul by the romans , he went to Afrika where he fought againt Yugurta who was king of Numidia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first post here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I make a long entry again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I spoke English today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Child 's First Errand\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to work hard ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It almost cost a whole morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my English sentences ! ( 20090108 )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I must do my homework !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The thing that I want to make in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here , Lang - 8 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Saturday we went to a club after drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , They are turned over the progress of classwork .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a hero .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What happened to her ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the letter below .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is there anything wrong with them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , I will try to use the E - bay , as soon as possible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She answered me `` Yes , I have a boy friend . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to see them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But recently , I wanted to speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh nooo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - - - - - - -\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is 3 : 25 a . m . at Japan Standard Time ( JST ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was horrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and the tears nearly fell from my face . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nearlly 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 23rd October .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , how bad is it ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Am I busy ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I hope that summer will pass fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: noooooow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: haha ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you , guys !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pay attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh my god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm twenty years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I finally found nice site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to make sentences . 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a new notebook PC .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had lunch at McDonald 's near my university with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The current pension system was mainly created in 1985 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 : 25 a . m . at JST\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , please somebody correct my English !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now they disturb me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I found it hard to achieve recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I listen the English song .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At any rate , it was fun !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I have two classes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So the contents are probably poor . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How are you doing ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also , can anyone answer this ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't help it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What else can I do ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to improve this situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na dance in the rain , yes , that 's what I 'm going to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are the sentences above right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can anyone help ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Punctuation should not have a space before it.'}, {'content': 'There should not be a space before a punctuation mark.'}, {'content': 'A space should not be used before a punctuation mark.'}]
[{'content': 'In English, a determiner is typically used before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.', 'confidence': 29.79816764195386, 'success_used': 39.5, 'success_unused': 2051.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 255.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The test for mobile system engineer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed snorkel !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Irregular heartbeat\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a nice day : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fourth period was fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently I read a book about the digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreigners baby\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Plan for Japan\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: first experience\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This morning I found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last weekend was very nice !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: play two roles\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought there were about a hundred thousand people at the grounds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I get courtesy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mayer is busy with election campaign and his own work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Earthquake aftershock\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a patio , not garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Headache\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A visit to Huang river park\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: at school\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Holiday is over .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: reading diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It almost cost a whole morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder I will be able to stay up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was hot today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I did today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will move to city this Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son got sleep at long last .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn to speak English and find friends here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lost property\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diary 2011 / 7 / 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first time to write diary on the internet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think a birds of a feather flock together .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person who might lose better things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have started lang - 8 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year , my friends and my relatives .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish you happy in paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I usually take a bath more than half an hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good words\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading Books in a bath\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Even midleage man was better than me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English skill\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and magazins ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Early Morning\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am beginner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I realized that I 'm that kind of people who are easily impressed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And we had a dinner with my another friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now the only task is to finish my thesis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And one of this I liked the most is a big white fridge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Watching a movie is like the fun pause between two busy periods .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Epitome of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: only some sentences\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sunday Feb 21\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , today will be good day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Twilight\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I can study English through this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finally I decided to practice it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Monday is Equinox 's day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can anyone help ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A determiner is typically used before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}]
[{'content': 'An article should be used before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 29.176764144091877, 'success_used': 39.0, 'success_unused': 1005.6666666666666, 'failure_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 113.66666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I work for the Japan air self defense force .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Softball\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recent TV game is amazing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Summer holiday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Language is difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fourth period was fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Preparing in case is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My hobbies\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My city has Gozan no okuribi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought it and ate at home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I joke name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last English lesson , we discussed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There were few furnitures .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is teacher for walking and posture .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First write\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I called for refund the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a lot of stuffs and walked a lot . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu 's Retirement\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm English teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will show a soccer at midnight\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to check dictionary all the time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second period was English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: With knowing comes caring , with caring there is an hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a news on Yahoo yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the way I had a headache .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wonderful voices .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Hair Style of the Wang\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shinkansen\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt fulfillment !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: December\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched season 2 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The lesson 's topic was Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fukuoka is located the northern part of Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English lesson for Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I make a long entry again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have three days holiday , so I spend these days on playing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: reading diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Child 's First Errand\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring is very exciting season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was wonderful system .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They say it 'll be sunny if you make `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only told them in English language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Simplification\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oversleep\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I miss my family and relatives who live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I enrolled the school in this April .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Be leaving\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is called the one of the best fighter in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fifth period was science .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first time to write diary on the internet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mayer is cheering Hamada minister of defence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think a birds of a feather flock together .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have a all day working .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , strange custom is remained as for hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The examination fee cost $ 150 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is hot and sunlight is strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 23rd October .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It looks like some jewelries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How to write a reseach proposal ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year , my friends and my relatives .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good words\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've just received a international call by my cellphone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I remembered very important thing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading Books in a bath\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: cow tongue\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English skill\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Early Morning\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is de main character , although appearing others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and the Caesar 's grandfather .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am beginner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a new notebook PC .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was little cold and windy , so the air is stale .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: my weekend\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A bear at the washbowl\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although my school was no lecture , I got up early in the morning today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: only some sentences\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shanghai friends\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: heavy stomach\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to eat its cow tongue again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is everyone free ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Drinking party\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a cheeze and a basil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , so I feel better for now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like warm season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met night club in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An Backpacker\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Board Meeting\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are two evidences for this : movements and discussions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'An article should be used before a singular countable noun to form a complete sentence.'}, {'content': 'An article should be used before a plural countable noun.'}]
[{'content': 'A period should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 28.703152978429877, 'success_used': 37.0, 'success_unused': 816.0, 'failure_used': 4.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Still . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( It was very hard to study Japanese . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a hero .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - First , I go to GwangJu by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Photo No , 1 shows how it is hung on the window in my room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mr .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams are the worst thing in life : D , It really is\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I did know my eyes were wet . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I was uncomfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Not at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Okinawa ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to improve this situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The classes these days are difficult for me , so I have to study very hard . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wake up !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PLEASE check my mail X (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you again / /\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please give me power !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use specific nouns to indicate the activity or event being enjoyed.', 'confidence': 28.46387691189474, 'success_used': 41.0, 'success_unused': 1125.0, 'failure_used': 6.0, 'failure_unused': 108.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When she is basking she looks very comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As you may know , Japan has the second lowest birthrate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recent TV game is amazing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to this , human 's life can be said to be leisure time to the end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a lot of fuss once a year outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have enjoyed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt dizzy and had to cool my bedroom down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someday , I will make a girl friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third memory is the house we lived .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to care for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Both way have its merits and disadvantages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: General roles for the timing to make money in the Tokyo stock exchange\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also want to be of some help to revive Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I enjoyed drinking party !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed Mickey 's Philhar Magic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the teacher was so great to teach us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I have to lose my weight ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreigners baby\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We friendships for more than 10 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Beautiful flowers bloomed in the sky !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This matter made me realize the important things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We excited the show !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The entrance exam season\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jason Statham recited a piece of poetry that made it a funny ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think basketball play everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hooked on the American dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stair - fry it until it became golden brown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( laughing laughing )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was enjoying to commute this class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sorry for a little academic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we enjoyed well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I disappointed it a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a verb to complete the sentence and indicate the action being described.', 'confidence': 27.678416711967717, 'success_used': 36.0, 'success_unused': 1696.0, 'failure_used': 5.0, 'failure_unused': 176.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She is still being cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We ate Ikayaki and Omurice there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed snorkel !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's raining , not men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I words in An e - commerce company .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish You Happy In Paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I came back home from working today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son got sleep at long last .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I meet a friend today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday , Sunday and Monday close .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a piece of toast putting butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have clothes washer in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The team I cheer is located in second position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also I wanted to do sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The movement during the first 30 minutes after the stock market opening is controlled by the dominant tendency made by the US traders .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A bear at the washbowl\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: People help each other learning their languages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and remember Kanji which I like ^ _ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fifth period was science .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang is located in southern Korea with my camera .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: > <\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The examination fee cost $ 150 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is chewing something really dangerous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: While I was washing the dishes , he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I noticed it because he coughed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We excited the show !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Manga in English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish you happy in paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , Wii my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cool !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions should not have a space before the apostrophe.', 'confidence': 27.080721981074458, 'success_used': 37.75000000000001, 'success_unused': 2839.0, 'failure_used': 1.7499999999999998, 'failure_unused': 356.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an elementary school teacher as you might know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd like to write about my first Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that 's from Korea 's quarantine depot ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don like it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to see them !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's not a joke .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ I 'm so sorry . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could n't send you mail sooner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: kinda lucky but not for me . being bored sucks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's easy for me to study it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is in 2009 , it 's so fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ZAO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm planning to go climbing the mountain with friends tommorow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a single woman and live by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don ` t like winter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's an action movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm doing job hunting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a bachelor 's degree of these subjects at the university .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But today , I 'll introduce you very rare unit `` Okaxile `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm learning architecture now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so happy if you comment on my diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , it 's Christmas morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's like\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu 's Retirement\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you know me ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like singing songs ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's impossible to grip the nuance perfectly since I 'm Japanese . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't know why .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lesson\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , My God !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to take Japanese class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The following is my friend 's diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! My name is Ken .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually tit is hung under the roof , but I could ' nt do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so cute !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so sleepy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's two ten in the afternoon right now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We 've known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought , `` It 's so terrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to study abroad in America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to miss him but I really wish him the best of luck with his new life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a little bit disappointed about the speed of shipping , but it does n't matter , I 'm really satisfied with the price and design of clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm afraid I got H1N1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's might be boring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm proud of Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'm OK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's because my mum is probably the best cook I have met in my life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they 're all still made of clay .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I got ta get the intercom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: caz I don have a school until it ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm still in the 20 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have some hobbies .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What if I do n't remember what I have studied because of stress and worry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like watching a close screen so I killed time reading something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm attaching some of photo is I 've taken in DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm busy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It did n't wow me really , not like Inception anyway , because its story was n't strong or strange enough .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too short in break time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at Fukushima reactor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I slept late this morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm worried if I can commute to my office tomorrow morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What happened to her ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Makitys .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is there anything wrong with them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you take a nap ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a little bit expensive for me , but I 'm so happy to get it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sorry , that 's all for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too hot in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm always sleepy after eating lunch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why we could meet again !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I 'm studying English at the TOEFL Institute these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can ' t live without music !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's getting dark .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm really into this song recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've just received a international call by my cellphone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's same question .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm twenty years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe he 's still its owner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someday , I will make a girl friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , starting next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both 5th grade and 6th grade .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I 'm a lazy person , so I tend to choose an easy way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm to know nothing about grammar , and I 'm afraid to speak english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very glad to win Japan team !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure there were some mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't help it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I did know my eyes were wet . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What else can I do ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to improve this situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I cant speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so into it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could n't believe the method of charging .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a amazing day today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I 'm in Nagoya , Aichi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so funny really .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm want to learn english\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm at school now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum efforts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Contractions in English should not have a space before the apostrophe.'}, {'content': 'Contractions in English should not have a space before the apostrophe.'}, {'content': 'Contractions should not have a space before the apostrophe. Use proper punctuation instead of asterisks for emphasis or separation.'}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "discuss" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 26.453324534618655, 'success_used': 35.0, 'success_unused': 1098.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 108.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Softball\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I did today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fruit\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My city has Gozan no okuribi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , strange custom is remained as for hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a while since I wrote diary on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is a teacher as well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like to discuss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We seldom research something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: While I was washing the dishes , he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He said He traveled around this world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About the CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English lesson for Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked someone about why they were not here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum but that is not the reason .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The history of my learning English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get my new promotions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before , I went to a library .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend starred on the play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited A & F official website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions should not have a space between the two words.', 'confidence': 26.403452587683915, 'success_used': 36.0, 'success_unused': 3132.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 353.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's raining , not men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I do n't like love stories .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But they ca n't eat food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , it is my boss 's one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They said I 'm cold - natured and have poor blood flow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a little bit expensive for me , but I 'm so happy to get it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's about it for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm planning to go climbing the mountain with friends tommorow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The ending was great , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He did n't notice that I 'm also a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: now here he 's coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don ` t like winter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have this symptoms now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of the language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's an action movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to master this language well . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's like\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh my god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe he 's still its owner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: or cloudy may be better because I do n't want to burn my skin so much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For long time , I did n't see her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't know why .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm at school now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Otherwise , I feel something wrong as if I did n't do a homework that would punish me when I finally hand out the empty note to a meticulous teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Hsiang - Chin .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , starting next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both 5th grade and 6th grade .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lesson\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I 'm fine now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! My name is Ken .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually tit is hung under the roof , but I could ' nt do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so sleepy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's two ten in the afternoon right now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang is located in southern Korea with my camera .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was n't afraid of Edward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ridiculous ? !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na do it next time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How are you doing ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't help it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm proud of Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'm OK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so into it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Gen - Mai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm absolutely get up early ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na dance in the rain , yes , that 's what I 'm going to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so funny really .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He took a bath at seven , but he did n't try to get to bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm still in the 20 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( see the map I 've attached )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum efforts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Contractions should not have a space between the two words'}]
[{'content': 'When starting a sentence with a phrase of gratitude, it should be followed by a comma.', 'confidence': 26.165838175797255, 'success_used': 34.0, 'success_unused': 3359.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 408.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing the subject , I got my call from my friend yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Particularly I want to know which verb is incorrect in ( b ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked up three solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Best regard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for all the staff and class mates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How old were you when you first went on an errand ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dancing\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At any rate , it was fun !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , What can I say when things is so good ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If only I had black dense curtains .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Twilight\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe Japan can thrive again with the right leader and the right reforms .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finally I decided to practice it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote the last diary here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I 'm in Nagoya , Aichi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before , I went to a library .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you come to Fukuoka , please let me know !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From the Wall Street Journal today , I found an interesting article about the future plan of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use specific verbs to indicate the action being described.', 'confidence': 25.28800690837166, 'success_used': 32.0, 'success_unused': 557.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whe do n't you become friends ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: * * * To me , the new Lang - 8 design is not easy to use . . . * * *\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because he still want to play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children cry to turn mother 's attention to them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I just proud of myself , yep .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son got sleep at long last .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to use the word `` sensitivity `` properly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , They are turned over the progress of classwork .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Preparing in case is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The movement during the first 30 minutes after the stock market opening is controlled by the dominant tendency made by the US traders .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was situated near Helsinki , big and light house with the small lake behind it ( it was winter , so it was frozen ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept down as soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've made some English classes , actually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very glad to win Japan team !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am very stressful ~ now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I went to the hospital and took an ECG .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was a job I seeked from the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I sung so many songs and brewed my stress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to do repotting of my roses .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spree from my house after an hour , so we 'd like to play while drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hamada birong to Liberal Democratic Party .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I make a long entry again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a lot of stuffs and walked a lot . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in life : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjective placement', 'confidence': 25.05831324435278, 'success_used': 37.0, 'success_unused': 3710.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 467.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was really wearing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But you should think once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was too tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish You Happy In Paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think our language skill was even .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But some of them make me feel disgusting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it was very interesting work too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I impressed very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of the videos are less enjoyable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It features heavy use of melted cheese , beans , chili and tortillas .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All my rotations are interesting summer vacations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am very stressful ~ now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The examination fee cost $ 150 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very worry about the radiation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menu every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: very simple things . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I usually take a bath more than half an hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like warm season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should note something what we need .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , but I still feel bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was wonderful system .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I want to write its contents more , I am sleeping . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we enjoyed well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"And" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 24.904424028813853, 'success_used': 30.0, 'success_unused': 1145.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 115.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I bought it and ate at home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and magazins ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I fall in love with the liberary in our school ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And realized how language could help you know more people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good idea thinking in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This show features with `` Parents dating Guys `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many others )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And if the team win 8 games , the team will get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And he took in my favorite subject like soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a junior high school student and studying English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: His Kanji 's ability is much better than me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the teacher was so great to teach us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also I wanted to do sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , I will try to use the E - bay , as soon as possible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An Backpacker\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was getting too close and touch my ass with his leg even I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And Bella was a strong girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tonight I read and corrected many diaries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here all was different , and the teachers too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Ellipses should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 24.00308088156895, 'success_used': 34.0, 'success_unused': 3290.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 420.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: so . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Nothing bothers me , I can be absorbed in books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is rainning today ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Still . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( It was very hard to study Japanese . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hi\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Er . . . but how to start ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - - - - - - -\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Old and not beautiful . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm gon na go to sleep . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: noooooow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . No , extremely sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: tears . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to master this language well . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I mean . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . in LA . . . omgomgomgomg . . . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I want to write its contents more , I am sleeping . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should sleep today . . . : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: * * * To me , the new Lang - 8 design is not easy to use . . . * * *\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use parallel structure in comparative phrases.', 'confidence': 23.25381467491196, 'success_used': 29.0, 'success_unused': 2798.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 325.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is hot and sunlight is strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stephen is cute and brave but now he is gone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menu every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My precious time is the time when I read books taking a bath !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This solution is easy to say , but not easy to implement .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It features heavy use of melted cheese , beans , chili and tortillas .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have hardly played neither baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are always so much blood , people are so thirsty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the one hand you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should be necessary and relevant to the context.', 'confidence': 22.19796715586253, 'success_used': 29.0, 'success_unused': 905.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 94.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thought , `` It 's so terrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , you can take them at slot machine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I talk , I forget what I say , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a park ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I 'm studying English at the TOEFL Institute these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is also very valuable for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To signal young leaders that entrepreneurship will be rewarded , this solution is important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year , my friends and my relatives .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is smaller than other people . But he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I quarrelled with my wife over a trivial matter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the last summer vacation , I traveled around Asia ; Melaka & KL ( Malaysia ) , Siem Reap ( Cambosia ) , and Bagan ( Myammer ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , we have to finish term examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , today I went to guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you , guys !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before , I went to a library .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , at this time , I 'm not supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , today I ordered some clothes on the internet shop !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I found it hard to achieve recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Something" should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 21.177928995243384, 'success_used': 31.0, 'success_unused': 2323.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 272.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Play\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not simple thing to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to play something sports ! Thank you very much : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Summer holiday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Otherwise , I feel something wrong as if I did n't do a homework that would punish me when I finally hand out the empty note to a meticulous teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fruit\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Let me write something and see if anyone can review it and give me some advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fourth period was fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Arrangements\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My hobbies\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like making a plan to do something ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The wife was woken up by my stertor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is nothing specal to write ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But as you know , my writing ability is like a child play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is chewing something really dangerous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We seldom research something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It looks like some jewelries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It gave me a sense of strangeness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: QQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Drinking party\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should note something what we need .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Vessel\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After graduated from the university , I got a job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One thing I unsatisfy to live here is that I 'm separated from my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Was n\'t" should be "wasn\'t" to indicate the past tense.', 'confidence': 20.94849450096187, 'success_used': 26.0, 'success_unused': 1215.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 117.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't been prepared to face all the things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If my sentences are n't practical correct them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I do n't understand Wittgenstein 's that book , it seemed that he did n't distinguish between ideas and objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of medicine I was not able to drink alcohol , I wanted to drink , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I do n't think that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it 's already outdated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I , on the other hand , did n't have much time to watch any .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have n't been in such situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to fight against him , but he did n't show up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , any understanding of objects may involve some simplification ( as I 'm doing now ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to take Japanese class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect what I CAN play like that I did .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All I want to know is that why they could n't come to my calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote the last diary here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's because my mum is probably the best cook I have met in my life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He took a bath at seven , but he did n't try to get to bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We cheered very hard , but the miracle was never happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 20.776537504261803, 'success_used': 27.0, 'success_unused': 2130.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 266.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang is located in southern Korea with my camera .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If my sentences are n't practical correct them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: now here he 's coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm at school now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It did n't wow me really , not like Inception anyway , because its story was n't strong or strange enough .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don like it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I do n't like love stories .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a pain to do my homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am not familiar with the sport , but I know his name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This TV program reminds me of my first errand . haha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: kinda lucky but not for me . being bored sucks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I 'm in Nagoya , Aichi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm want to learn english\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because MMA is sports but they should n't think MMA is sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a single woman and live by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I got sunburned a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"But" should be used to indicate a contrast.', 'confidence': 20.380122559702, 'success_used': 25.5, 'success_unused': 1220.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 136.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I Love to learn new things especially languages but I want to learn it because I want to not because I have to , you know\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But some of them make me feel disgusting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it was very interesting work too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope she would come back to the scene as a diva again , even not like her heyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it never means that the objects themselves are really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , it is terrible and difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But today , I 'll introduce you very rare unit `` Okaxile `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tanzanian students are differ from Korean students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: related documents , which means I was not allowed to make\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , My gran ' ma is safe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was getting too close and touch my ass with his leg even I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , we have to finish term examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was fine but bored with his work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I opened window but it was not rain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the one hand you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We 've known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Next week I will go on a business trips .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a patio , not garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Even if they are strong but they sometimes counld n't win .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But he has no idea that he should study about .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I can study English through this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , she is already 46 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For three days I can keep my schedule , but after three days I ca n't do that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But two hours later I found I had been sleeping until that time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I did n't know she is an actress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'But should be used to indicate a contrast.'}]
[{'content': 'There is no need to make any changes to the grammar or structure of the sentence.', 'confidence': 17.996660414317127, 'success_used': 22.0, 'success_unused': 2672.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 335.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We ate Ikayaki and Omurice there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As you may know , Japan has the second lowest birthrate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I moved to Fukuoka from Yokohama for business this January .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was born and grew up in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also want to be of some help to revive Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese tea ceremony\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Okinawa last month with my son and my boyfriend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thai\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes one hour from the airport to central Tokyo even if you take an expensive superexpress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu is a Sumo champion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The longer Japan delays , the harder it will be to implement the solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I still work for an electronics maker in Japan as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is also good at Japanese and studies ' Kanji ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oshima is a small island nearest to Tokyo in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions in English use an apostrophe to replace missing letters.', 'confidence': 17.687053686094636, 'success_used': 25.0, 'success_unused': 2458.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 279.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm always sleepy after eating lunch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't been prepared to face all the things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to miss him but I really wish him the best of luck with his new life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why we could meet again !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was n't afraid of Edward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't understood the system of this well yet , however , I ca n't help posting my first diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na do it next time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don ` t like winter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why , I started it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's an action movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But they ca n't eat food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I 'm fine now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'm OK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's a kind of ' inertia ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I 'm a lazy person , so I tend to choose an easy way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Makitys .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's means that I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I 'm not good at using a time at all , I want to try to be good at using a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm absolutely get up early ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that isn ` t postopned .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Avoid using redundant words or phrases in a sentence.', 'confidence': 16.880631937173604, 'success_used': 24.0, 'success_unused': 2739.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 325.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This game was very tough game for each team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: People seems to have particular own sounds of steps .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The taxes in Japan are relatively higher than those in most of other developed countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We were classmates in college as an undergraduate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: all most japanese people have loved them for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied many things from there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many people claim that `` we should not use nuclear power plant ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hey hey you you ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , Japanese employment will face great big difficulty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I always stay there for a long time all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe and we can make money by trading Tokyo stocks according to the following roles :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are these sentences OK ? ? : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But two hours later I found I had been sleeping until that time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 16.796439267059792, 'success_used': 24.0, 'success_unused': 2184.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 269.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is only 10 days left for this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched season 2 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I woke up 7 . 30a .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I hope I like the summer Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister is university , my brother is high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fukuoka is located the northern part of Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started keeping a diary around the 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my country is rainy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a junior high school student and studying English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ordered some clothes and they are going to ship on FEB .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So he will try to study about something in that his time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I enrolled the school in this April .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese school , work starts spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping as long as I want everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After 5 or 10 minutes dance , at last he noticed I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 16.790252341720432, 'success_used': 23.0, 'success_unused': 1439.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 146.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been looking for correct my English diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , there remains to get it and check it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that I want to go to the lesson again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of my friends , yoshimi , introduced me about this website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children cry to turn mother 's attention to them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to regard these comments as representing the average intellectual level of the viewer as a whole .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to eat its cow tongue again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: With knowing comes caring , with caring there is an hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we have hanami , we have to get place before starting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we change our electricity souse to natural one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It has not been rainy for a week ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My teacher is going to move to change his job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Comma splice is a grammatical error in which two independent clauses are joined by a comma without a coordinating conjunction or a semicolon.', 'confidence': 16.516726174095396, 'success_used': 21.5, 'success_unused': 2629.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 322.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finally , I choose the official web site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing the subject , I got my call from my friend yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I went to the hospital and took an ECG .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought it and ate at home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reminds and inspires me a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We ate pizza and pasta .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will try to write everyday , I am planning to write to a bussiness person soon , so I really need your help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: related documents , which means I was not allowed to make\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After I got home , I started repotting and sowing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I finally found nice site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was difficult , but very interesting time )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , any understanding of objects may involve some simplification ( as I 'm doing now ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my sentence or grammar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The river is very long , I ca n't see the limit , and the water is peaceful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was fine but bored with his work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We cheered very hard , but the miracle was never happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the one hand you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that I want to go to the lesson again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I will never understand all , of course .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The longer Japan delays , the harder it will be to implement the solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , the discussions about the plans how we recover from the earthquake has been activated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He took a bath at seven , but he did n't try to get to bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope Japan will recover from this situation and reply other countries for their helps in the future .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A comma splice is a grammatical error in which two independent clauses are joined by a comma without a coordinating conjunction or a semicolon.'}]
[{'content': '"I" should not be used as a standalone pronoun without a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 16.36904534667512, 'success_used': 24.0, 'success_unused': 1429.0, 'failure_used': 4.0, 'failure_unused': 145.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I joke name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I 'm greedy , and want to try too many things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I words in An e - commerce company .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hello\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a park ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have enjoyed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He said He traveled around this world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I do n't remember this taste ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I noticed it because he coughed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I just have\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm got up at thirty past 6am in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: im soo free till next month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Doing for relaxation\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually tit is hung under the roof , but I could ' nt do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is not really love to read books ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wished I could sink into the floor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One thing I unsatisfy to live here is that I 'm separated from my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I disappointed it a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjective placement should be followed to ensure proper grammar.', 'confidence': 16.305836649068283, 'success_used': 20.0, 'success_unused': 1530.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 169.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But as you know , my writing ability is like a child play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I just proud of myself , yep .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's two balls : one with a cat inside , other with dog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It sounded not bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lessons were energetic and so much fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My eleven months old son could stand by himself for the first time today !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to sleep after all today too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I elder than before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to say is no future in just only the strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use singular pronouns to refer to singular nouns.', 'confidence': 16.09693535255416, 'success_used': 21.333333333333332, 'success_unused': 1686.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 1.6666666666666667, 'failure_unused': 189.66666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's common for we Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Both way have its merits and disadvantages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lol .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I impressed very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her progress owe to you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We lived in the same guesthouse and we were the only Japanese who was there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the last day of my stay there , He said He would plan to go to see Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this experiences , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: there are some reason why we love it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son have diarrea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When he gets silence , it is dangerous sign to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's only adult or childs that I can meet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This morning I found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think knowing others ' love affair does n't make any sense for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reminds and inspires me a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I and she became friend when we were junior high school student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should never kill another people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , I can see some movements of peoples to recover from the damage now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If only I had black dense curtains .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading English language make me feel very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I want to write its contents more , I am sleeping . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I disappointed it a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , you can take them at slot machine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It play on station near .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can recognize a person 's ones , because it is a matter of life or death for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a person who enjoys her own leisure time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I realized that I 'm that kind of people who are easily impressed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And we had a dinner with my another friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like checking SNS sites .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Love Karaoke\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found that those who swearing or explaining are not only simplifying the matter too much , but also tending to neglect what is really not simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually tit is hung under the roof , but I could ' nt do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If remote control tool is taken by evil person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We friendships for more than 10 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yet she always answer wrong at the same questions that I had taught several times , like negative number multiply by negative number is positive number .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , What can I say when things is so good ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The student need to answer some questions about Halloween I 've prepared by playing Bingo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think basketball play everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The club has some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Verb usage: Use singular pronouns to refer to singular nouns.'}, {'content': 'Use a singular pronoun to refer to singular nouns.'}]
[{'content': 'Exclamation marks are used to indicate strong feelings or emphasis at the end of a sentence.', 'confidence': 15.949029001865918, 'success_used': 26.0, 'success_unused': 2369.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 278.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But whatever I will do my best and try to work hard enough to do well in these exams , hopefully : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my English sentences ! ( 20090108 )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to go to Walt Disney World someday ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring vacation is coming shortly !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you tomorrow ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So Sorry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My dog !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to study !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: mistakes ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: bye !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We may win a trip to NY !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wake up !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you later !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was really nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good Night !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Friday !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finished one of my works ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before words starting with a consonant sound.', 'confidence': 15.543227025503514, 'success_used': 21.5, 'success_unused': 1682.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 213.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And Kanto area reaches the electronic shortage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , you can take them at slot machine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is de main character , although appearing others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and the Caesar 's grandfather .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is the good for MMA fighter to be strong or to win ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a pizza for dinner yesterday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The fall in Korea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The team I cheer is located in second position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And one of this I liked the most is a big white fridge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was situated near Helsinki , big and light house with the small lake behind it ( it was winter , so it was frozen ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Switch off the light when you go to bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Street live !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of public primary school provide lunch for students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is one of the most strongest Sumo wrestler in the Sumo history .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started keeping a diary around the 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This matter made me realize the important things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A visit to Huang river park\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This weekend three holidays in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Holiday is over .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a amazing day today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I watched a movie called The Expendables .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , there are my boss , my superiors and my juniors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the case of the year end , we need to sell stocks whose quotes are lower than the original ones because we can reduce the capital gain tax by reporting the loss to the Japanese IRS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sumo is one of the Japanese traditional sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"The" before words starting with a consonant sound.'}]
[{'content': 'The word "so" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 15.354080448152853, 'success_used': 23.0, 'success_unused': 2802.0, 'failure_used': 2.5, 'failure_unused': 329.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So Sorry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was so bitter for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed so much this trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So he will try to study about something in that his time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So if we lose our employer , we ca n't have job !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so please teach me English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I like spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is in 2009 , it 's so fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I decide to write the english diary as a way to study english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My room is so messy because I was busy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: now here he 's coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I hope that summer will pass fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So in this game we lost .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I have a sore throat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , there 's not much time left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to find some friends on this web site to offer me some help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so happy if you comment on my diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope anyone here can give me some tips or steps that I should take in order to improve my communication skills\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to check dictionary all the time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to pass once .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: okay right now I want to know what is the best way to learn the English accents ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore , we stop buying commodities , especially luxuriant items .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , please somebody correct my English !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I have poor English grammar ability , so thank you very much for your advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must appreciate my mum and help her ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I shouted her name and stopped her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I listen the English song .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I jog and exercise always .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So the contents are probably poor . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So decide to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so into it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , so I feel better for now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , at this time , I 'm not supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I called The hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: The word "so" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "do n\'t" should be "don\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 15.346994948073943, 'success_used': 21.0, 'success_unused': 1390.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 162.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whe do n't you become friends ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't know why .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I do n't understand Wittgenstein 's that book , it seemed that he did n't distinguish between ideas and objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good idea thinking in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't feel that before several years , I did same things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't know when the situation recover perfectly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I do n't like love stories .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to fight against him , but he did n't show up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From what I hear , I do n't know if it 's true , he was a famous dancer in his hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to take Japanese class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It does n't mean I 'm not going well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person who might lose better things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like science too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have to change our energy policy if we ca n't do that safely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't really like cockroaches . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to master this language well . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't celebrate ancestors or dead like the way western people do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: caz I don have a school until it ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Berklee do n't requires a TOEFL score .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "do n\'t" should be "doesn\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.', 'confidence': 15.12437827637251, 'success_used': 19.0, 'success_unused': 886.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 102.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't like watching a close screen so I killed time reading something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll graduate the university in 2012 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , strange custom is remained as for hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shanghai friends\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a very simple and easy work for American , especially for me , this work is not simple one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wished I could sink into the floor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So if we lose our employer , we ca n't have job !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So it is good time to buy stocks Friday afternoon and sell them Monday morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It almost cost a whole morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We may win a trip to NY !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of public primary school provide lunch for students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 14.831806478560994, 'success_used': 19.0, 'success_unused': 679.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 79.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel so comfortable now ! ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She just casually answered the questions and sort of appeared impatient , which made me sort of angry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So the contents are probably poor . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was so lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So Sorry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was so bitter for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , after he was chose consul by the romans , he went to Afrika where he fought againt Yugurta who was king of Numidia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: im soo free till next month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So he will try to study about something in that his time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I made greentea by simply process .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So there are a lot to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So My heart flutters with expectation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I feel sleeping all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope anyone here can give me some tips or steps that I should take in order to improve my communication skills\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I thought most of the Japan members are tired and the game is very hard for Japan team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The rooms were big enough , but not so big .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I may be child .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjective-noun agreement should be followed to ensure proper grammar.', 'confidence': 14.819550522558439, 'success_used': 17.0, 'success_unused': 1420.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 125.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This morning I found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The different values about handsome among cultures are very interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We just have simple ideas about complex objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also hope to improve my poor English ability this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He had funny and intersting dance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked her if she have boyfriend or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a junior high school student and studying English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All in all , Japan is trying to recover from the stunned situation now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are many products that are more cheaper than off - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was situated near Helsinki , big and light house with the small lake behind it ( it was winter , so it was frozen ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As a result , the economy of Japan got stagnant .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` It 's true that radiation pollute people or vegetables , soil , air and sea more or less .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.', 'confidence': 14.623183362651348, 'success_used': 20.0, 'success_unused': 1737.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 1.6666666666666667, 'failure_unused': 206.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The test for mobile system engineer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am beginner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second period was English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I took three - day weekend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is new attraction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I realized that I 'm that kind of people who are easily impressed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it is such big change in my lifetime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come to me chance surely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it 's about for one and half year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was really really sensitive at work because this is a national\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: my weekend\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A bear at the washbowl\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A second date\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since few customers come there , he has nothing to do for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first time to write diary on the internet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: there are some reason why we love it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a Chinese citron now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: New computer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When he gets silence , it is dangerous sign to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was looking for English class around here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of public primary school provide lunch for students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have a all day working .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is like human life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like comedy story and history story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: typhoon is coming\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Asia Champion League first match .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese food is available every corner in Thailand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to eat its cow tongue again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm proud of Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A visit to Huang river park\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pizza\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , I found some web sites that there are huge amount of Mangas that translated in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I just have\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Gen - Mai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First entry\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and when we were going to sit in a truck , frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a amazing day today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I called for refund the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met night club in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An Backpacker\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After I got home , I started repotting and sowing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm English teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will show a soccer at midnight\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Indefinite article rule: Use "a" before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}, {'content': '"A" should be used before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}]
[{'content': 'Punctuation rule: Use appropriate punctuation marks at the end of a sentence.', 'confidence': 14.540545052097503, 'success_used': 21.5, 'success_unused': 2487.25, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 303.25, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should watch my language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is also very valuable for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are a Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very much , and that his new style is very handsome .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was a buzy day , but very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is the link .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I become a member of lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The ending was great , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my nickname .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: b ) I have to cultivate ( enhance / enrich / sophisticate ) the sensitivity to others ' feelings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The classes these days are difficult for me , so I have to study very hard . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in life : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you again / /\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I woke up earlier than recently today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I still have got a cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you tomorrow ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I meet a friend today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading ! ! : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are these sentences OK ? ? : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was really fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will write details about my trip tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I talk , I forget what I say , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to do sowing of Violas but starting pots was lack , so I would go to Home Depo again tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Year ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the last summer vacation , I traveled around Asia ; Melaka & KL ( Malaysia ) , Siem Reap ( Cambosia ) , and Bagan ( Myammer ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to work hard ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I meet a friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , how wanderful the college life is !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my English sentences ! ( 20090108 )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Best regard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is that my English is very clumsy yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diary 2011 / 7 / 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a pity !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today first period was `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My NY life is getting change .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary last time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I remembered very important thing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because one for all all for one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is correct ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She came back !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When will my P4 come back ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to make sentences . 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is rainning today ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister is university , my brother is high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Hsiang - Chin .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It will be very cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the prices are very expensive ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 : 25 a . m . at JST\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is also good at Japanese and studies ' Kanji ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We may win a trip to NY !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hahaha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mr .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm gon na go to sleep . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is everyone free ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What else can I do ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: BUT !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available Haneda airport .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Use appropriate punctuation marks at the end of a sentence.'}, {'content': 'Use appropriate punctuation marks at the end of a sentence.'}, {'content': 'Use of appropriate punctuation marks at the end of a sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'A period should not be used without a complete subject and verb.', 'confidence': 14.4245699780841, 'success_used': 17.0, 'success_unused': 586.5, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 52.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: E .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But a no way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I fall in love with the liberary in our school ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Almost all students . 3 / 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct this sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I must do my homework !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been wondering what she was doing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Twilight is different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2010 . 3 . 26\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hahaha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is a funny story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched season 2 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What was your costume ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hint : in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The classes these days are difficult for me , so I have to study very hard . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to work hard ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pay attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: URL\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: coaster .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third solution is immigration reform .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Do not use a period without a complete subject and verb.'}]
[{'content': '"Doesn\'t" should be used instead of "do n\'t" to indicate the absence of a requirement.', 'confidence': 14.212013875629937, 'success_used': 18.0, 'success_unused': 1159.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 123.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think knowing others ' love affair does n't make any sense for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't know why .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have to change our energy policy if we ca n't do that safely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't really like cockroaches . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in this attack they could n't get any points .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For three days I can keep my schedule , but after three days I ca n't do that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , it is n't a real bear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is not really love to read books ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is only one line I did n't understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Berklee do n't requires a TOEFL score .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What if I do n't remember what I have studied because of stress and worry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "any" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 14.053351558005703, 'success_used': 24.0, 'success_unused': 3416.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 405.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human 's life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know medical word in English very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her recent picture was not like her before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched without any want to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The top of the mountain was very cold although I worn a snowboard wear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was like ' OMG ! ! ' n hold his head .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your life is like when you walk .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I feel sleeping all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are some of causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Comparing with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you think there are like happiness in reality ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "think" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 13.958251545539866, 'success_used': 21.0, 'success_unused': 2948.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 358.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: ( I think no doubt about illegal . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I learning english in the University .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I hope to continue a play for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to regard these comments as representing the average intellectual level of the viewer as a whole .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope someone see my diary and correct it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think basketball play everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I say Merry Christmas to you all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I meet a friend today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think this web site is a cool idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought there were about a hundred thousand people at the grounds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that it 's very high .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It has not been rainy for a week ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is not really love to read books ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought earthquake is coming when I wash my face in the morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that we shoud never happen the war .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjective-noun agreement', 'confidence': 13.790382695317605, 'success_used': 17.0, 'success_unused': 2598.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 302.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel like her a sister .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought that it was not good to have a satisfied days when people in the damaged area were suffered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: okay right now I want to know what is the best way to learn the English accents ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A nice surpise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a very simple and easy work for American , especially for me , this work is not simple one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A practical plan and reasonable analysis is also worth a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She had a incredible beautiful high voice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it was rather high building .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All my rotations are interesting summer vacations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These days I suffered many unhappy things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that isn ` t postopned .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was depressed strongly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A period should not be used at the beginning of a sentence.', 'confidence': 13.480131607210282, 'success_used': 18.0, 'success_unused': 811.0, 'failure_used': 5.5, 'failure_unused': 83.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: E .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time , I dare to write a diary without using my dictionary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I have two worries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Almost all students . 3 / 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Day 74 : I lied today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to improve myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The current pension system was mainly created in 1985 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hi\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thai\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: bye !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to see them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( There was a power failure until now . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wonderful voices .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mr .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and the tears nearly fell from my face . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is a teacher as well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hint : in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last English lesson , we discussed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: w\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm gon na go to sleep . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Am I busy ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I do n't remember this taste ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: July 18th\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: G .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . No , extremely sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a coincidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I watched a movie called The Expendables .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . in LA . . . omgomgomgomg . . . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before , I went to a library .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is this wrong ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited A & F official website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really need help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A period should not be used at the end of a sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'Ellipses and multiple question marks should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 13.386546176012716, 'success_used': 20.0, 'success_unused': 927.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: so . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How do you deal with that kind of guy in a club ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can you believe it ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you tomorrow ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't really like cockroaches . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love my students ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading ! ! : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should sleep today . . . : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When will my P4 come back ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: * * * To me , the new Lang - 8 design is not easy to use . . . * * *\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How was your Halloween ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"But" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 13.359813277794853, 'success_used': 18.5, 'success_unused': 1518.0, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 163.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading and correcting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But some of them make me feel disgusting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was difficult , but very interesting time )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , we have to finish term examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my sentence or grammar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we cancei that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Twilight is different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I opened window but it was not rain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because MMA is sports but they should n't think MMA is sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Next week I will go on a business trips .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that I want to go to the lesson again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it never means that the objects themselves are really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I did know my eyes were wet . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Even if they are strong but they sometimes counld n't win .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that program was trashy ; it simplified the discussion too much , and pretended that the matter is really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is fun indeed , but it is waste time for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But a no way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "but" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': '"A" should be followed by a noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 13.340730599802484, 'success_used': 19.0, 'success_unused': 907.0, 'failure_used': 4.0, 'failure_unused': 84.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Kinabalu in Borneo Island .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I joke name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Softball\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A nice surpise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can recognize a person 's ones , because it is a matter of life or death for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: dairy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Headache\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it is such big change in my lifetime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jason Statham recited a piece of poetry that made it a funny ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A visit to Huang river park\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pizza\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first post here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: very simple things . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The fall in Korea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is made of spnge : ) It is cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Love Karaoke\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister asked me to translate some documents into\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is fun indeed , but it is waste time for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Hair Style of the Wang\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" before the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 12.801405415190178, 'success_used': 18.0, 'success_unused': 1306.75, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 139.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please lend me a pen to write ( with / on ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been looking for correct my English diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two months ago I went Oshima to meet him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We need book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy help us to move the baggage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The thing that I want to make in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here , Lang - 8 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I appreciate to teach English to my daughter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a piece of toast putting butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have clothes washer in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I went to the stadium to see the baseball game .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like making a plan to do something ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , there remains to get it and check it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This year , I have challenged to study English again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like to discuss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have to spur the economy to supply works and money in the area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you come to Singapore , please contact us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm able keep at it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am still go to the place and try my luck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My precious time is the time when I read books taking a bath !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I say Merry Christmas to you all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But today , I 'll introduce you very rare unit `` Okaxile `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to find some friends on this web site to offer me some help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to know how does communicate with each other in foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect what I CAN play like that I did .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of my friends , yoshimi , introduced me about this website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children cry to turn mother 's attention to them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: People help each other learning their languages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept down as soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And he lead the dance at this music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to reconsider about how to use a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that is probably a result of lack of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I regretted to keep putting him down for 3 hours during the day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm glad to took it back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to do repotting of my roses .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to seeing him again through here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to leave this school and to be a teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It will be base after she will go to new school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we have hanami , we have to get place before starting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm always dreaming to get my English composition proofread by English native speakers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I could feel more safe and comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder I will be able to stay up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "to" followed by the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.'}, {'content': 'Use "to" after the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.'}, {'content': '"To" should be used before the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.'}]
[{'content': 'There should not be a space before a period.', 'confidence': 12.338819837154286, 'success_used': 16.0, 'success_unused': 1203.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 151.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But I have two worries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should watch my language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow , I have an English class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is the below one OK ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a hero .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What happened to her ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is there anything wrong with them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! My name is Ken .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do my best !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have started lang - 8 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Am I busy ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Not at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: very simple things . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my first post here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I 'm in Nagoya , Aichi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is correct ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are the sentences above right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is this wrong ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A space should not be used before a period.'}]
[{'content': 'Use adjectives in their correct comparative or superlative form to compare different degrees of quality.', 'confidence': 11.968456300942387, 'success_used': 18.0, 'success_unused': 3123.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 371.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I can do another things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is one of the most strongest Sumo wrestler in the Sumo history .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is the good for MMA fighter to be strong or to win ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jason Statham recited a piece of poetry that made it a funny ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tanzanian students are differ from Korean students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I elder than before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second solution is pension reform to control the exploding cost of old - age payouts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is called the one of the best fighter in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The more correctly they answer , the more Bingo they can get .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I could feel more safe and comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When he gets silence , it is dangerous sign to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "little" is the correct word to use to indicate a small amount.', 'confidence': 11.837303997731711, 'success_used': 20.0, 'success_unused': 3633.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 449.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's or girl 's first errands .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sounds a lit bit tricky ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There were few furnitures .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , there 's not much time left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This will result in rapid aging society with fewer children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was little cold and windy , so the air is stale .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sorry for a little academic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was a little happy day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never seen such a many people , so I was very surprised : ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I have a little work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a little bit expensive for me , but I 'm so happy to get it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There are no specific grammar errors in the original sentence.', 'confidence': 11.821294936905954, 'success_used': 18.2, 'success_unused': 3269.8, 'failure_used': 2.8000000000000007, 'failure_unused': 394.6, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am new here\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Softball\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the reason why I created an account on this site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was shocked at their disappointing work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese tea ceremony\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a junior high school student and studying English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This solution is easy to say , but not easy to implement .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good luck on your new start !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As far as I am concerned , the article clearly suggests three main solutions for Japan 's problems .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can you give him any advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to write about counseling .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last English lesson , we discussed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt this was a good article for both Japanese and foreign people to understand Japan 's current situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I moved to Fukuoka from Yokohama for business this January .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recommended that he study English or Chinese with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some of them are really funny , but some are absurd .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were interested in my notebook and touched it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a lot of workload\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Coincidence\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to USJ yesterday with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My university friend forgot to take it home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Listening to music\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My mum is a great cook !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Headache\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The longer Japan delays , the harder it will be to implement the solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The history of my learning English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was really shocked by the death of Stephen Gately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went there with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of my friends went to work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is this wrong ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to care for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was born and grew up in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is really good for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sensitivity\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am an auditor of the construction company .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I miss my family and relatives who live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lost property\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The fall in Korea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu is a Sumo champion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was always looking forward to your lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I enjoyed playing table tennis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: New computer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children who appear on this TV program laugh , cry and go shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is raining in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I joined an aerobics class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will never forget my first time at customs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I was uncomfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Manga in English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lessons were energetic and so much fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I worked as a waitress in a cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , but I still feel bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cool !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I still work for an electronics maker in Japan as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Their parents send children on their first errand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The sounds of the steps\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very difficult to say anything . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go to Tokyo Disney Land in February .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've received the acceptance letter and scholarship decision from the Berklee College of Music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied applied physics and electronics at a university in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So getting along with people in the community is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: GUITAR\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: heavy stomach\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I find lots of things fascinating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I did know my eyes were wet . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like to make friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stephen is cute and brave but now he is gone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: URL\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And Bella was a strong girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you will help me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Board Meeting\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fukuoka city is the biggest city in Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have some hobbies .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'There is no grammar error in the original sentence.'}, {'content': 'There are no grammar errors in the original sentence.'}, {'content': 'There are no grammatical errors in the original sentence.'}, {'content': 'There is no specific grammar error in the original sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that in English, sentences should generally be preceded by an article (a, an, the) unless they are used in a non-countable or generic sense.', 'confidence': 11.550388640796292, 'success_used': 18.0, 'success_unused': 3262.6666666666665, 'failure_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 408.6666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thursday October 22nd 2009\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recent TV game is amazing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I do n't understand Wittgenstein 's that book , it seemed that he did n't distinguish between ideas and objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is new attraction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will move to city this Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: friend 's birthday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese tea ceremony\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fourth period was fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Kanazawa university festival with my American friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Best regard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I drank the beer with her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the last day of my stay there , He said He would plan to go to see Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A second date\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this experiences , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: there are some reason why we love it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: New computer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was looking for English class around here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Asia Champion League first match .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To signal young leaders that entrepreneurship will be rewarded , this solution is important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year , my friends and my relatives .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menu every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Keeping a diary is difficult to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Third period was P .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And Kanto area reaches the electronic shortage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am beginner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someday , I will make a girl friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I felt headache and heavy stomach .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: concert tickets\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked the winter Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Day 74 : I lied today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I will take the SAT2 on May 7th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now the only task is to finish my thesis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Huang river is the second longest river of China .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Culture of shames\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Japanese National holiday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt fulfillment !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: typhoon is coming\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will have a board meeting tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Drinking party\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we have hanami , we have to get place before starting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I 'm in Nagoya , Aichi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the case of the year end , we need to sell stocks whose quotes are lower than the original ones because we can reduce the capital gain tax by reporting the loss to the Japanese IRS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: In English, sentences should generally be preceded by an article (a, an, the) unless they are used in a non-countable or generic sense.'}, {'content': 'In English, sentences should generally be preceded by an article (a, an, the) unless they are used in a non-countable or generic sense.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "and" to connect the activities in a list.', 'confidence': 11.37264067966448, 'success_used': 14.0, 'success_unused': 895.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I bought it and ate at home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I jog and exercise always .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are looking forward to seeing you and your children someday somewhere .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children who appear on this TV program laugh , cry and go shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All my rotations are interesting summer vacations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because when I finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After came back home , I cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction " \'s" should be used instead of " \'s" to indicate "is."', 'confidence': 11.303648260315173, 'success_used': 13.0, 'success_unused': 438.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's a pain to do my homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's not a joke .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm busy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Uhh , it 's raining !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Child 's First Errand\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that it 's very high .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , it is my boss 's one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lunch at McDonald ' s\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's getting dark .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lesson\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I cant speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Comparative adjectives do not need "many" before them.', 'confidence': 11.280024913028612, 'success_used': 16.5, 'success_unused': 1327.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 160.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it was much simple than Korea method .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to make many friends !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The taxes in Japan are relatively higher than those in most of other developed countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , I think I spend too many hours to use a computer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm just attending the Institute to improve my English because I 'll have to take many classes in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a lot of workload\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like winter than summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , Japan is an island country , so many Japanese people have not had much opportunity to communicate with foreign people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of the videos are less enjoyable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , many Japanese people can not speak foreign languages very well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These days my lovely boy is getting naughty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These days I suffered many unhappy things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today My worklord were so many .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never seen such a many people , so I was very surprised : ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The more correctly they answer , the more Bingo they can get .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I could feel more safe and comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to do many things for one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are many products that are more cheaper than off - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tonight I read and corrected many diaries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Many" should not be used before comparative adjectives.'}]
[{'content': '"Very much" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 10.776283555176406, 'success_used': 15.5, 'success_unused': 1310.5, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 146.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was really wearing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to play something sports ! Thank you very much : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a very simple and easy work for American , especially for me , this work is not simple one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a really hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Only problem is that it is very heavy food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it was very interesting work too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the prices are very expensive ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was really really sensitive at work because this is a national\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made mistakes a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I have poor English grammar ability , so thank you very much for your advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like this movie very much !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it was much simple than Korea method .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Very hot , and It was dry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is a funny story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am impressed my life at there very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a so much fun this Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the time from bloom to falling is very early .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . No , extremely sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very glad to find they liked the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sorry for a little academic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very convenient to codeless .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "very much" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: In English, common nouns should generally be preceded by an article (a, an, the) unless they are used in a non-countable or generic sense.', 'confidence': 10.739980287412367, 'success_used': 15.0, 'success_unused': 2162.6666666666665, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 269.3333333333333, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The test for mobile system engineer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Irregular heartbeat\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese economy is so bad now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Summer holiday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first Man in Rome\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: friend 's birthday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Coincidence\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This will result in rapid aging society with fewer children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: tuition\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Best regard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lost property\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Love Karaoke\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: first experience\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Hair Style of the Wang\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of public primary school provide lunch for students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was looking for English class around here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English skill\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was warm fine day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: typhoon is coming\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shanghai friends\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will never forget my first time at customs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: about reading books\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have n't been in such situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English lesson for Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Holiday is over .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: play two roles\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a cheeze and a basil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am just writing about the parents ' attitude when their children complain about chronic abdominal pain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I called for refund the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That was wonderful system .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Board Meeting\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sumo is one of the Japanese traditional sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: cow tongue\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'In English, common nouns should generally be preceded by an article (a, an, the) unless they are used in a non-countable or generic sense.'}, {'content': 'Common nouns should generally be preceded by an article (a, an, the) unless they are used in a non-countable or generic sense.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: In English, a complete sentence should include a subject and a verb that agrees in tense and number.', 'confidence': 10.544797249480713, 'success_used': 17.2, 'success_unused': 2619.4, 'failure_used': 2.4, 'failure_unused': 318.4, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Twilight is different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One day , I was failed to pass the examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tuesday Feb 23\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping all day untill I had to work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I might be make a mistake when corrected English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: w\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many others )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is teacher for walking and posture .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Korean since Korean often come to my sister 's work place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First write\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese school , work starts spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , you can .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Third period was P .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because he still want to play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope someone see my diary and correct it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recommend it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watch the time go away\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I get courtesy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` It 's true that radiation pollute people or vegetables , soil , air and sea more or less .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Earthquake aftershock\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: typhoon is coming\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A practical plan and reasonable analysis is also worth a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct these sentences !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First entry\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Doing for relaxation\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , there are my boss , my superiors and my juniors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: he must leave the power because he got sick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then when I went to Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: caz I don have a school until it ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very difficult work because we have to fag overtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It would be good if I could speak\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oversleep\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her progress owe to you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lost property\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Be leaving\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone who joined this class were very good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This weekend three holidays in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to study !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tanzanian students are differ from Korean students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: haha ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading English language make me feel very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because one for all all for one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is correct ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I suspected that way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But a no way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked her if she have boyfriend or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` is challange time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It play on station near .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am beginner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whitney Houston Failed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Starting on - line shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love Sommer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo to work in Japan . - - - Part - 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If remote control tool is taken by evil person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: BBQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mr .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: People seems to have particular own sounds of steps .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The student need to answer some questions about Halloween I 've prepared by playing Bingo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm absolutely get up early ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are the sentences above right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm want to learn english\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: A complete sentence should include a subject and a verb that agrees in tense and number.'}, {'content': 'In English, a complete sentence should include a subject and a verb that agrees in tense and number.'}, {'content': 'A complete sentence should include a subject and a verb that agrees in tense and number.'}, {'content': 'The rule is that in English, a complete sentence should include a subject and a verb that agrees in tense and number.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "into" to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 10.41521608167497, 'success_used': 16.0, 'success_unused': 1835.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 228.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Children who appear on this TV program laugh , cry and go shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A big strong typhoon is coming towards middle area of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister asked me to translate some documents into\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the initial and threw up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a determiner before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 10.25138040418092, 'success_used': 12.5, 'success_unused': 380.75, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The test for mobile system engineer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and magazins ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it can only input about two hundred and fifty songs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to make sentences . 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to play something sports ! Thank you very much : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Summer holiday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: dairy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come to me chance surely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was little cold and windy , so the air is stale .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thank my ear for my survival until now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like checking SNS sites .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: my weekend\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my sentence or grammar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Love Karaoke\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Arrangements\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreigners baby\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: first experience\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is 27 , older than me by 6 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Trained parents who show distraction produces fewer childrens ' chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sixth period was math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person who might lose better things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An interesting TV show was aired last Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A big strong typhoon is coming towards middle area of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How to write a reseach proposal ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw her play first time today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , today will be good day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A good review is the best start point .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm doing job hunting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I say Merry Christmas to you all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is teacher for walking and posture .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As mentioned above , because Japan will become the aging society with fewer children , Japan needs people from foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I made greentea by simply process .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a cheeze and a basil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: reading diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , today I went to guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the top of mountain , there is a shrine contracted in 700 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Vessel\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading Books in a bath\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to the lost property in the station after work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A determiner should be used before a singular countable noun to form a complete sentence.'}, {'content': 'Use a determiner before a singular countable noun to form a complete sentence.'}, {'content': 'Use a determiner before a plural countable noun.'}]
[{'content': '"And" should be used to indicate a contrast.', 'confidence': 9.77050475897437, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 355.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and the tears nearly fell from my face . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Old and not beautiful . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Both way have its merits and disadvantages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to live my life on my own pace .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - And I visit Metasequoia street , Bamboo park , River forest and Bamboo museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn to speak English and find friends here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I will take the SAT2 on May 7th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and when we were going to sit in a truck , frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , I will try to use the E - bay , as soon as possible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here all was different , and the teachers too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But two hours later I found I had been sleeping until that time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited A & F official website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "and" to indicate a contrast.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 9.710267693219409, 'success_used': 13.0, 'success_unused': 500.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 1.6666666666666667, 'failure_unused': 55.333333333333336, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had long breaktime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish You Happy In Paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She had a incredible beautiful high voice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other side of the world , a great number of people live in less than 1 dollar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come to me chance surely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was a buzy day , but very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This will result in rapid aging society with fewer children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes one hour from the airport to central Tokyo even if you take an expensive superexpress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The fall in Korea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I drank of bottle of Pocari Sweat and slept for a while .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It took long time to do that but I was happy , so I like gardening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since few customers come there , he has nothing to do for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fifth period was science .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: there are some reason why we love it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made good friend with Vietnamese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm doing job hunting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take an enough rest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a cheeze and a basil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met night club in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring is very exciting season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was a little happy day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After today 's tuition , she will go to a karaoke with her classmates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Phot No2 shows what TERUTERU - BOZU is like . is is made of paper and has eyes and mouth looking like joy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "an" before a singular countable noun.'}, {'content': '"A" should be used before a singular countable noun.'}]
[{'content': 'Adverb placement: Adverbs should come before the verb they modify.', 'confidence': 9.677635149531287, 'success_used': 17.0, 'success_unused': 2641.0, 'failure_used': 2.6666666666666665, 'failure_unused': 333.33333333333337, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is only 10 days left for this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she is basking she looks very comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good idea thinking in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed so much this trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the teacher was so great to teach us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made mistakes a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I feel sleeping all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the letter below .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Moreover Tokyo is a very crowded city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: anymore .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fedor who is Russian , I think he is the one of them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw her play first time today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am still go to the place and try my luck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and when we were going to sit in a truck , frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am just writing about the parents ' attitude when their children complain about chronic abdominal pain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We became friends soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I washing ended , it was evening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I disappointed it a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is natural for us , but they think it seems strange .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is still being cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The next moment we rather become friends with other groups enjoying over there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I hope to continue a play for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She just casually answered the questions and sort of appeared impatient , which made me sort of angry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I might fall asleep soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He moved to tears when he won .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other side of the world , a great number of people live in less than 1 dollar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It will gradually be warm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And my cousins are fine also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It sounded not bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: People help each other learning their languages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo to work in Japan . - - - Part - 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I opened window but it was not rain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I jog and exercise always .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very hard and I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Even if they are strong but they sometimes counld n't win .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It will be base after she will go to new school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I just have\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . No , extremely sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( laughing laughing )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm absolutely get up early ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come fast next season !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially I like His stories in Thailand and India .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The more correctly they answer , the more Bingo they can get .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very convenient to codeless .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Adverbs should come before the verb they modify.'}, {'content': 'Adverb placement: Adverbs should be placed before the verb they modify.'}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "Especially" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 9.45551233711744, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 467.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I was reviewing my previous entries and my comments .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we will go to my mother 's home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially , in company , there are many relations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At any rate , it was fun !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , what do you like to do in summer ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And finally , she released a new song !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the experience of volleyball is not always working well for softball because of a form difference .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I carry it anywhere , and show it to my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And my cousins are fine also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of contraction', 'confidence': 9.451049157601343, 'success_used': 14.0, 'success_unused': 3448.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 441.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's also fun to read Thai writting from a non native speaker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I do n't understand Wittgenstein 's that book , it seemed that he did n't distinguish between ideas and objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He did n't notice that I 'm also a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'll make the greentea again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na dance in the rain , yes , that 's what I 'm going to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have this symptoms now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's an action movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have to change our energy policy if we ca n't do that safely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at Fukushima reactor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate the reason for something, not "from."', 'confidence': 9.450500420173103, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 1801.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 198.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it can only input about two hundred and fifty songs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it 's about for one and half year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A lot of good features are inherited from old Fallout series , like the SPECIAL system , always having good , bad , neutral and ( my favorite ) sarcasm options when talking with NPCs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was about what foreigners are wondering while they live in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I just proud of myself , yep .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are concerned about when we lose our job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , the discussions about the plans how we recover from the earthquake has been activated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: about reading books\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to reconsider about how to use a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About my friend in Oshima\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at Fukushima reactor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "So" when expressing apology or regret.', 'confidence': 9.363830762371794, 'success_used': 14.0, 'success_unused': 2080.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 238.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , I enjoyed playing soccer and baseball with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I felt tired my eyes and butt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Let me write something and see if anyone can review it and give me some advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So Sorry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Uhh , it 's raining !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So My heart flutters with expectation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , please somebody correct my English !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I shouted her name and stopped her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wanted to work part - time at USJ , too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I clened my room very hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were very beautiful , and they looked as if they were large creatures !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I jog and exercise always .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I called The hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope you can understand a lot of foreign friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , the temperature got down as compared with yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I hope that summer will pass fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope anyone here can give me some tips or steps that I should take in order to improve my communication skills\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na dance in the rain , yes , that 's what I 'm going to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I mean . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inevitably , I should go to DamYang by bus .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wore a sweater .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after an interjection such as "So" when expressing apology or regret.'}]
[{'content': 'Abbreviations should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 9.294266314751775, 'success_used': 24.0, 'success_unused': 3716.0, 'failure_used': 13.0, 'failure_unused': 425.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's raining , not men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed snorkel !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a new notebook PC .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lol .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Simplification\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Coincidence\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I enjoyed drinking party !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S . but most Japanese people are not obese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: USJ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2010 . 3 . 26\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But remainder of its games is 9 games .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shinkansen\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: BBQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Holidays\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday learning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OMG\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lot !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - And I visit Metasequoia street , Bamboo park , River forest and Bamboo museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: QQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ordered some clothes and they are going to ship on FEB .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , Wii my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lunch at McDonald ' s\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very convenient to codeless .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Can anyone help ?" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 9.283264565156232, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 1382.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 155.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They asked me if we have fever and cold symptoms .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someone help me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My English could not help me\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister asked me to translate some documents into\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To improve the current situation is really difficult , but it seems to me that it is possible .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you take a nap ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can you believe it ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is everyone free ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As far as I am concerned , the article clearly suggests three main solutions for Japan 's problems .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can anyone help ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I cant speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present perfect tense should be used to indicate an action that started in the past and continues into the present.', 'confidence': 9.095126037254431, 'success_used': 15.0, 'success_unused': 2014.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 223.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Actually I keep watching it these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This year , I have challenged to study English again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yet she always answer wrong at the same questions that I had taught several times , like negative number multiply by negative number is positive number .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These days I suffered many unhappy things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it seems that I hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I learning english in the University .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Such discussions are able to be heard around Japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn to speak English and find friends here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For instance , I started watching Indian movies about a month ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I meet a friend today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "however" to indicate a contrast.', 'confidence': 9.083355691400232, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 572.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 51.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However , she is already 46 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However it was too terrible to live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I have to be careful , or books will swell up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , inviting foreign people are not easy due to the following two reasons .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should not have a space between the two words.', 'confidence': 8.919162574250487, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 419.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Maybe I 'm greedy , and want to try too many things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure it 's going to be a terrific experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very worry about the radiation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure there were some mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm to know nothing about grammar , and I 'm afraid to speak english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's getting dark .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'm OK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I get a cold , I 'm going to give you tell you first .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I 'm fine now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "however" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 8.723816426867732, 'success_used': 13.0, 'success_unused': 2383.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 289.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However , she is already 46 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However it was too terrible to live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I have to be careful , or books will swell up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I do n't think that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the experience of volleyball is not always working well for softball because of a form difference .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , inviting foreign people are not easy due to the following two reasons .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , at 110 minute , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am."', 'confidence': 8.691022346451613, 'success_used': 11.916666666666663, 'success_unused': 1216.666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 136.75000000000003, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an elementary school teacher as you might know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm attaching some of photo is I 've taken in DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm just attending the Institute to improve my English because I 'll have to take many classes in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd like to write about my first Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to see them !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed Mickey 's Philhar Magic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: im soo free till next month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so nervous at earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm worried if I can commute to my office tomorrow morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure it 's going to be a terrific experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this reason , the movement has happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was releaved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis but I 'm still worried .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Makitys .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It does n't mean I 'm not going well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles 's `` Hit the Road Jack `` song recentry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They said I 'm cold - natured and have poor blood flow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is only one line I did n't understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a little bit expensive for me , but I 'm so happy to get it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a single woman and live by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm always sleepy after eating lunch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that 's why I 'm sick now . lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know it 's thick and bitter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm able keep at it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's an action movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of the language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm really into this song recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary last time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so happy if you comment on my diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm want to learn english\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm twenty years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm English teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe he 's still its owner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a new experience and very educational of English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was getting too close and touch my ass with his leg even I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a ) I 'm lacking in the sensitivity to whether an expression is formal or informal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to do everyting for help him as his secretary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I 'm fine now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the thing which often Japanese wives say `` Which is important I ' am or your work ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm went to Sendai to business trip today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I 'm a lazy person , so I tend to choose an easy way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm to know nothing about grammar , and I 'm afraid to speak english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very glad to win Japan team !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm not sure about keeping the action points feature though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to study abroad in America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm glad to took it back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I 'm greedy , and want to try too many things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to miss him but I really wish him the best of luck with his new life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm study of English was started .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to seeing him again through here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know there are a lot of things which I does n't understand yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm afraid I got H1N1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na do it next time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very worry about the radiation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure there were some mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very surprised and happy to find such a wonderful website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm proud of Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'm OK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm no longer suprised that situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so into it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm got up at thirty past 6am in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Gen - Mai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could n't believe the method of charging .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I 'm not good at using a time at all , I want to try to be good at using a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote the last diary here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm absolutely get up early ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , it is n't a real bear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After today 's tuition , she will go to a karaoke with her classmates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm still in the 20 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'m" should be "I\'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \' am" should be "I\'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'m" should be "I\'m" to indicate the contraction "I am."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'Use of contraction: The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "im" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'Use of contraction: The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'Use of contraction: The contraction "I \'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'n" should be "I\'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'m" should be "I am" to indicate the present tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction " \'m" should be "am" to indicate "I am."'}]
[{'content': 'There are no specific rules or prior knowledge that need to be applied in this case.', 'confidence': 8.678976005899662, 'success_used': 12.5, 'success_unused': 2839.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 359.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her voice was hoarse and cracked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is to study English hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Let me write something and see if anyone can review it and give me some advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was so bitter for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Kanazawa university festival with my American friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to USJ yesterday with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But recently , I wanted to speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Adrian but my friends call me Adi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Earthquake aftershock\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So getting along with people in the community is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is a teacher as well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have some friends who are crazy about this genre .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just installed Fallout 3 and played a bit last night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also hope to improve my poor English ability this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like to make friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I play basketball after school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I worked as a waitress in a cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope anyone here can give me some tips or steps that I should take in order to improve my communication skills\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Having a job here is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We talked with each other and enjoyed our meals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Their parents send children on their first errand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went there with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you will help me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'There are no specific rules or prior knowledge to apply in this case.'}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as brand names should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 8.674940967070814, 'success_used': 13.0, 'success_unused': 1932.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 219.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Okaxile\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I found a Japanese TV program introducing Wittgenstein 's ' Tractatus Logico - philosophicus ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english accents\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is the season of cherry trees in japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wii\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles 's `` Hit the Road Jack `` song recentry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shinkansen\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have seen an article on TIME .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: please tell me how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Parallel structure should be used when listing items in a series.', 'confidence': 8.635090754884432, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 804.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 75.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - And I visit Metasequoia street , Bamboo park , River forest and Bamboo museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So" should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 8.45715512882168, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 801.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 81.66666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I Love to learn new things especially languages but I want to learn it because I want to not because I have to , you know\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to pass once .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I felt tired my eyes and butt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to dug my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I 'm fine now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the teacher was so great to teach us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and remember Kanji which I like ^ _ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So it is good time to buy stocks Friday afternoon and sell them Monday morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets off such as reading a book , watching news , and writing anything .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so sleepy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I listen the English song .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I got sunburned a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope you can understand a lot of foreign friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know the reason , so I hope to correct the reason this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , the temperature got down as compared with yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very surprised and happy to find such a wonderful website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I want to exchange information about job around the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nice , and I like it , if I have enough time , I will do it again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Even if they are strong but they sometimes counld n't win .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I have a sore throat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so funny really .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to check dictionary all the time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I called The hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wore a sweater .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'So should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.'}, {'content': '"So" should be used before a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.'}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept.', 'confidence': 8.428709249711906, 'success_used': 11.5, 'success_unused': 2172.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 248.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I read documentaries , science fictions , mysteries . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I went to the stadium to see the baseball game .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal group .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the symbol of a lot of technologies in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She answered me `` Yes , I have a boy friend . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are some of causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are always so much blood , people are so thirsty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Trained parents who show distraction produces fewer childrens ' chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Next week I will go on a business trips .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These neglections are sometimes violent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There were few furnitures .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Through school lunch , students learn many kind of taste , knowledge of food and Japanese culture for six years at least .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I want to exchange information about job around the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made good friend with Vietnamese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It would be great if you leave a comment or corrections .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially , in company , there are many relations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get my new promotions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are two evidences for this : movements and discussions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Plural noun rule: Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept.'}]
[{'content': '"Very hard" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 8.353305284695251, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 991.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 98.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was really really sensitive at work because this is a national\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( It was very hard to study Japanese . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is to study English hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Having a job here is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very hard and I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday , I 'm very hard to learn it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Language is difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it was rather high building .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the direction of an action.', 'confidence': 8.333801661389705, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 831.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 86.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When everyone jumped left , I jumped right .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm eagerly waiting for Sommer come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A big strong typhoon is coming towards middle area of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two months ago I went Oshima to meet him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To signal young leaders that entrepreneurship will be rewarded , this solution is important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "as" should be used to indicate a specific example or comparison.', 'confidence': 8.226078812912966, 'success_used': 11.5, 'success_unused': 1294.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 165.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her recent picture was not like her before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of the videos are less enjoyable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your life is like when you walk .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was like ' OMG ! ! ' n hold his head .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Watching a movie is like the fun pause between two busy periods .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Comparing with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first movie I watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you think there are like happiness in reality ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is like human life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human 's life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't celebrate ancestors or dead like the way western people do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like the stories which can not be expected and be like a roller\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "as" should be used to indicate a specific example or role.'}]
[{'content': 'There should not be a space before a comma.', 'confidence': 8.225974292094994, 'success_used': 12.333333333333334, 'success_unused': 1983.0, 'failure_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 247.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to make sentences . 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finally , I choose the official web site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you enjoy this video .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , My God !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The thing that I want to make in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here , Lang - 8 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had lunch at McDonald 's near my university with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I quarrelled with my wife over a trivial matter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I live in Okinawa , the southwestern part of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I remembered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , it is my boss 's one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , the moment I just touched the door knob at my home , I got my answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` 450th times ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I finally found nice site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you come to Singapore , please contact us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a park ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , how bad is it ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also , can anyone answer this ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What else can I do ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , she is already 46 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was reviewing my previous entries and my comments .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you , guys !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And finally , she released a new song !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can anyone help ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , My gran ' ma is safe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: There should not be a space before a comma.'}, {'content': 'A space should not be used before a comma.'}]
[{'content': 'A comma should be used to separate contrasting clauses.', 'confidence': 8.138863199411487, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 579.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The ending was great , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the thing which often Japanese wives say `` Which is important I ' am or your work ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last Saturday , I play street .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is hot and sunlight is strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Nothing bothers me , I can be absorbed in books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Meeting the Challenge and Grasping the Opportunity\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inevitably , I should go to DamYang by bus .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate a general topic or subject, and use "of" to indicate the specific content or subject matter.', 'confidence': 7.87824185192966, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 1421.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 149.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it can only input about two hundred and fifty songs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked someone about why they were not here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can check other videos about Okaxile .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I thought that what to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: about reading books\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is fun indeed , but it is waste time for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The different values about handsome among cultures are very interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "and" to connect items in a list.', 'confidence': 7.815606384184351, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 616.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 49.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And Kanto area reaches the electronic shortage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And he took in my favorite subject like soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I will take the SAT2 on May 7th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I read documentaries , science fictions , mysteries . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday , Sunday and Monday close .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And We went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And if the team win 8 games , the team will get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And Bella was a strong girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"And" should be used to connect items in a list.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "every day" instead of "everyday" to indicate a single instance of an activity.', 'confidence': 7.713553170109155, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 1452.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 161.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Everyday learning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many assignments are given to me everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping as long as I want everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The thing that I want to make in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here , Lang - 8 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before a specific location to indicate the time of an activity.', 'confidence': 7.674836585663796, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 634.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 72.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On Friday I went with my class and my teacher to the Botanical Garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I always watch TV at Saturday night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My brother will take it in this Friday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wasted too much time on watching Youtube .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They are illuminated during night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese food is available every corner in Thailand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I play street live at every Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Tense consistency should be maintained in a sentence to ensure proper grammar.', 'confidence': 7.650570572319841, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 644.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 61.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last Saturday , I play street .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a while since I wrote diary on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One day , I was failed to pass the examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was depressed strongly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific products should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 7.631086406536578, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 901.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 93.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is the season of cherry trees in japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today was the day of my chinese friend 's birthday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I went to english school before work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Japanese National holiday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific date should be used to indicate the day and month.', 'confidence': 7.574804336598833, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 857.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thursday October 22nd 2009\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I enrolled the school in this April .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I got up at nine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept down as soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I dreamed her the night before yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll return to home in Monday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now they disturb me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tuesday Feb 23\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: December\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last weekend was very nice !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ordered some clothes and they are going to ship on FEB .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I spoke English today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe , in this August my mom and I will visit Norway , Sweden and Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a specific date to indicate the day and month.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before a specific location to indicate obstruction or blockage.', 'confidence': 7.543597219428177, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 1376.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 133.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hooked on the American dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the top of mountain , there is a shrine contracted in 700 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'This is a simple tense agreement rule. When the main verb is in the past tense, the auxiliary verb should also be in the past tense.', 'confidence': 7.542629687413049, 'success_used': 9.5, 'success_unused': 1504.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 190.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to write about counseling .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I think I 'll spent quite some playing it in the next few weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are concerned about when we lose our job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope someone see my diary and correct it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And if the team win 8 games , the team will get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone who joined this class were very good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We lived in the same guesthouse and we were the only Japanese who was there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know that It is essential but It make me really stressed out : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Their parents send children on their first errand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that program was trashy ; it simplified the discussion too much , and pretended that the matter is really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked her if she have boyfriend or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'This is a simple tense agreement rule. When the main verb is in the present tense, the auxiliary verb should also be in the present tense.'}]
[{'content': 'There should not be a space before a question mark.', 'confidence': 7.50470742949304, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 859.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 78.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to make many friends !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What was your costume ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is there anything wrong with them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is this wrong ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How are you doing ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you take a nap ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is everyone free ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you know me ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"All" should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 7.504513906373149, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 660.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I will never understand all , of course .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pizza\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: GUITAR\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All I want to know is that why they could n't come to my calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can recognize a person 's ones , because it is a matter of life or death for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fruit\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually all the Indian movies have the same basic idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: coaster .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Not at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I enjoyed drinking party !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Avoid using redundant words or phrases in a sentence.', 'confidence': 7.466764081952311, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 2267.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 286.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like singing songs ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am going to move out to Saitama ( Kanto area ) from here just because I study at the university in Saitama .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought that it was not good to have a satisfied days when people in the damaged area were suffered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can recognize a person 's ones , because it is a matter of life or death for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I still have got a cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Democratic Party has more many supporters than them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , Japanese employment will face great big difficulty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: People seems to have particular own sounds of steps .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very hard and I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I always stay there for a long time all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to say is no future in just only the strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All I want to know is that why they could n't come to my calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I 'm not good at using a time at all , I want to try to be good at using a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The rule: Avoid using redundant words or phrases in a sentence.'}]
[{'content': '"Think" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 7.391626359437122, 'success_used': 9.666666666666666, 'success_unused': 1245.0000000000002, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 133.66666666666669, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: ( I think no doubt about illegal . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But you should think once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I hope to continue a play for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good idea thinking in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think our language skill was even .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You think the second one was different ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it is difficult to communicate with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought why I felt bad in the bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I have poor English grammar ability , so thank you very much for your advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think a birds of a feather flock together .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think knowing others ' love affair does n't make any sense for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human 's life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I think I 'll spent quite some playing it in the next few weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've sum up some points which I think important and useful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know there are a lot of things which I does n't understand yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Steeven tought me today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think basketball play everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm learning architecture now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought earthquake is coming when I wash my face in the morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "think" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}, {'content': '"Thought" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Exclamation marks should not be used without accompanying words. Emoticons should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 7.35489098676736, 'success_used': 11.5, 'success_unused': 1774.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 196.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's impossible to grip the nuance perfectly since I 'm Japanese . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But whatever I will do my best and try to work hard enough to do well in these exams , hopefully : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a nice day : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you tomorrow ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish us luck : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for reading ! ! : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Uhh , it 's raining !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh nooo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it makes me happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so comfortable now ! ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am really looking forward to it : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to stay more ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love my students ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . in LA . . . omgomgomgomg . . . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Have a good day ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: * * * To me , the new Lang - 8 design is not easy to use . . . * * *\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I suppose , I was 7 ( nice age , you do n't need to think about serious things and can do what you want ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How was your Halloween ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Emoticons should not be used as standalone sentences. Exclamation marks should not be used without accompanying words.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 7.322861958336443, 'success_used': 10.5, 'success_unused': 592.0, 'failure_used': 2.5, 'failure_unused': 54.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fourth period was fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Photo No , 1 shows how it is hung on the window in my room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is called the one of the best fighter in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to shft to better one , more fruitful one , even obeying that inertia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But remainder of its games is 9 games .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I will go to hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If remote control tool is taken by evil person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Asia Champion League first match .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Election will be done Augst 30 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roses grew up and thir flowerpots are too small for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Vessel\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Monday is Equinox 's day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"The" should be used before a singular countable noun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the purpose of something.', 'confidence': 7.2485301417809325, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 815.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 68.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The team I cheer is located in second position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to correct Thai language for who wrote in Thai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shop of inner decorating was green .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope Japan will recover from this situation and reply other countries for their helps in the future .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A lot of" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 7.224873398953624, 'success_used': 9.333333333333332, 'success_unused': 727.3333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.6666666666666666, 'failure_unused': 80.66666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A lot of good features are inherited from old Fallout series , like the SPECIAL system , always having good , bad , neutral and ( my favorite ) sarcasm options when talking with NPCs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a lot of workload\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made mistakes a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the symbol of a lot of technologies in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think a birds of a feather flock together .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We friendships for more than 10 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope you can understand a lot of foreign friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a so much fun this Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know there are a lot of things which I does n't understand yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know medical word in English very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The club has some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I have to fix my furnitures to stop slipping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today My worklord were so many .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I have a little work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes much money to go see my parents from here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"A lot of" should be followed by a plural noun.'}, {'content': 'A lot of should be followed by a plural noun.'}]
[{'content': '"Not only" should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 7.170863020007717, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 736.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 70.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked up three solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's raining , not men .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found that those who swearing or explaining are not only simplifying the matter too much , but also tending to neglect what is really not simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If only I had black dense curtains .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is natural for us , but they think it seems strange .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very simple" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 7.091581079382013, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 653.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 66.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then , Japanese employment will face great big difficulty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very plain and straight forward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sounds a lit bit tricky ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that program was trashy ; it simplified the discussion too much , and pretended that the matter is really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it was very interesting work too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use the correct verb tense to match the timing of the action being described.', 'confidence': 7.091201696953598, 'success_used': 10.5, 'success_unused': 1922.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 229.16666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are concerned about when we lose our job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: General roles for the timing to make money in the Tokyo stock exchange\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last Saturday , I play street .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I appreciate to teach English to my daughter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know that It is essential but It make me really stressed out : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The wife was woken up by my stertor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I become a member of lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I clened my room very hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These neglections are sometimes violent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This year , I have challenged to study English again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I sung so many songs and brewed my stress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My NY life is getting change .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If a test is over , I come again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am still go to the place and try my luck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I get a cold , I 'm going to give you tell you first .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel the time past faster than usual .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect what I CAN play like that I did .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roast chicken only heated up with oven .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was depressed strongly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was getting too close and touch my ass with his leg even I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where does he stands ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to dug my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had sleeped only two hours .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He had funny and intersting dance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm went to Sendai to business trip today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it seems that I hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As a result , the economy of Japan got stagnant .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a pity that he retires because of this boring case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My English could not help me\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a Chinese citron now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He might be scary that he was standing without any help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was a job I seeked from the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nearly 10 pm when I back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I learning english in the University .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: While I was washing the dishes , he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But he has no idea that he should study about .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I manage it as carefully not to break .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son have diarrhea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I meet a friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use the correct verb tense to match the timing of the action being described.'}, {'content': 'The correct verb tense should be used to match the timing of the action being described.'}, {'content': 'Use the correct verb tense to match the timing of the action.'}, {'content': 'Use of the correct verb tense to match the timing of the action being described.'}, {'content': 'Verb usage: The correct verb tense should be used to match the timing of the action being described.'}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "reply" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 7.032557233422483, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 281.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , there is the movement to buy the commodities made in Fukushima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About my friend in Oshima\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example , the customer or the documents from U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As for ordinary Japanese people , my English level is supposed to be high to some extent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope Japan will recover from this situation and reply other countries for their helps in the future .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , Japan is an island country , so many Japanese people have not had much opportunity to communicate with foreign people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "than" to compare different degrees of quality.', 'confidence': 6.9177199473461295, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 1602.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 180.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: His Kanji 's ability is much better than me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More than , I should more consideration for her feelings once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I rather be working outside than be a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like winter than summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Trained parents who show distraction produces fewer childrens ' chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Verb usage', 'confidence': 6.844617936846123, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 3511.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 424.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her progress owe to you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary last time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It play on station near .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reminds and inspires me a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where does he stands ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The movement during the first 30 minutes after the stock market opening is controlled by the dominant tendency made by the US traders .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He always make his own theory about life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I am having my long holidays here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am still go to the place and try my luck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think basketball play everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate a desire for a specific amount of time.', 'confidence': 6.81690408840202, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 1843.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 190.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it 's about for one and half year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for all the staff and class mates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm dying for time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For long time , I did n't see her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Such a many" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 6.793122618259412, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 505.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 44.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had never seen such a many people , so I was very surprised : ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There were few furnitures .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied many things from there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Such discussions are able to be heard around Japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes much money to go see my parents from here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Capitalize proper nouns, including the names of deities, when referring to them.', 'confidence': 6.715601451607151, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1186.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 127.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This morning I found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was the kingdergardan level ~ ~ . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english accents\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first Man in Rome\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh my god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a british woman writter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Prey for me : D : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs', 'confidence': 6.702681805224932, 'success_used': 10.692307692307695, 'success_unused': 2608.5384615384605, 'failure_used': 0.07692307692307697, 'failure_unused': 294.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hope our TV station can bring the series into Taiwan soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I thought that what to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But whatever I will do my best and try to work hard enough to do well in these exams , hopefully : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the reason why I created an account on this site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hysterically , I am a well planned person so there are always full of schedules that keep me from anything spontaneous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After lunch of today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , many Japanese people can not speak foreign languages very well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good luck on your new start !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Moreover Tokyo is a very crowded city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Twilight is different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As far as I am concerned , the article clearly suggests three main solutions for Japan 's problems .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tuesday Feb 23\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you come to Singapore , please contact us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And We went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , I can see some movements of peoples to recover from the damage now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , I found some web sites that there are huge amount of Mangas that translated in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First write\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , you can .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I thought most of the Japan members are tired and the game is very hard for Japan team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third solution is immigration reform .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , who let me know about Lang - 8 was him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct this sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why , I started it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All in all , Japan is trying to recover from the stunned situation now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , any understanding of objects may involve some simplification ( as I 'm doing now ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So My heart flutters with expectation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the experience of volleyball is not always working well for softball because of a form difference .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To improve the current situation is really difficult , but it seems to me that it is possible .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As a result , the economy of Japan got stagnant .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway I did my best more than I could and finished .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I read his blog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just installed Fallout 3 and played a bit last night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: about reading books\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After came back home , I cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it has been raining for 3days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` wishing sunshine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , the discussions about the plans how we recover from the earthquake has been activated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , dou you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then when I went to Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was very free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( see the map I 've attached )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He started to cry hard after that , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she is basking she looks very comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I went to school , today also there were only a few students in the classroom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I made an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we will go to my mother 's home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I like spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I remembered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles 's `` Hit the Road Jack `` song recentry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you take a nap ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , strange custom is remained as for hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is hot and sunlight is strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a park ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , how bad is it ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , by the way , `` white nights `` have already come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Asia Champion League first match .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I , on the other hand , did n't have much time to watch any .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My precious time is the time when I read books taking a bath !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I watched a movie called The Expendables .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because one for all all for one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I finally found nice site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took these on August 15 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , there is the movement to buy the commodities made in Fukushima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , starting next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both 5th grade and 6th grade .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How about my opinion ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore , we stop buying commodities , especially luxuriant items .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , it was really cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal group .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , please somebody correct my English !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets off such as reading a book , watching news , and writing anything .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now they disturb me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I got sunburned a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to Home Depo to buy a bag of soil and a planter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How old were you when you first went on an errand ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though today is second day of new year , I say best wishes for my friends all the same .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It gave me a sense of strangeness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello World\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As mentioned above , because Japan will become the aging society with fewer children , Japan needs people from foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For three days I can keep my schedule , but after three days I ca n't do that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finally I decided to practice it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And finally , she released a new song !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the case of the year end , we need to sell stocks whose quotes are lower than the original ones because we can reduce the capital gain tax by reporting the loss to the Japanese IRS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inevitably , I should go to DamYang by bus .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the first day of 2010 , like the other years , I made the new year resolution .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs.'}, {'content': 'Do not use a comma after introductory adverbs'}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after an introductory adverb.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after introductory phrases or adverbs.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use a comma after introductory adverbs'}, {'content': 'Do not use a comma after introductory adverbs.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use a comma after introductory phrases or adverbs.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Do not use a comma after introductory adverbs'}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after introductory phrases or adverbs.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory phrase.'}, {'content': 'Introductory phrase should be followed by a comma.'}]
[{'content': 'Adverb placement', 'confidence': 6.662936709617612, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 3351.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 410.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , I jog and exercise always .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It sounded not bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to sleep after all today too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And she loves basking too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After graduated from the university , I got a job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was so surprised and sad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially I like His stories in Thailand and India .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought why I felt bad in the bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we enjoyed well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , listen to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Comparative adjectives do not need "many" before them. "Than" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 6.619871523644831, 'success_used': 9.666666666666666, 'success_unused': 1524.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 190.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway I did my best more than I could and finished .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it can only input about two hundred and fifty songs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to make many friends !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The taxes in Japan are relatively higher than those in most of other developed countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I 'm greedy , and want to try too many things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English is one of my biggest problems .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , I think I spend too many hours to use a computer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I rather be working outside than be a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied many things from there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope this band did n't become worse yet like many others big ones and I 'll enjoy listening it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like winter than summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you make many friends of the lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is smaller than other people . But he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Democratic Party has more many supporters than them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I elder than before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never seen such a many people , so I was very surprised : ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since few customers come there , he has nothing to do for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Comparing with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and many more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are many products that are more cheaper than off - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes much money to go see my parents from here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Comparative adjectives do not need \'many\' before them. \'Than\' should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun."'}, {'content': "Comparative adjectives do not need 'many' before them. 'Than' should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun."}]
[{'content': 'Use double quotation marks for direct speech or to indicate a quotation within a quotation.', 'confidence': 6.600568326433961, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 1358.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 117.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's a kind of ' inertia ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She said `` I want to cancel the New York trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` 450th times ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He became `` the Cinderella boy `` , or the hero , overnight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The mountain is called `` OOYAMA `` which means a big mountain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A teacher asked it `` why `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only say that `` I like ~ I want . . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I saw a movie - Twilight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The title is `` closer `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a subject before the verb to indicate who is performing the action.', 'confidence': 6.57046228171943, 'success_used': 8.666666666666668, 'success_unused': 788.6666666666666, 'failure_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 88.33333333333333, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and magazins ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second period was English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third memory is the house we lived .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oversleep\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Day 74 : I lied today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It will gradually be warm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday , Sunday and Monday close .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He always make his own theory about life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Be leaving\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Take care .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sixth period was math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It said that was disappointing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: only some sentences\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We seldom research something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hamada birong to Liberal Democratic Party .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English lesson for Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: play two roles\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First write\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tanzanian students are differ from Korean students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wake up !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come fast next season !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A subject should be used before the verb to indicate who is performing the action.'}, {'content': 'The subject should be used before the verb to indicate who is performing the action.'}]
[{'content': '"As its name" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 6.526622139839729, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1064.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 99.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping as long as I want everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As far as I am concerned , the article clearly suggests three main solutions for Japan 's problems .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As for ordinary Japanese people , my English level is supposed to be high to some extent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" after "surprised" to indicate the cause of the surprise.', 'confidence': 6.5159744937585105, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1066.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 104.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was surprized at finding my health condition from my foot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am very surprised to her progress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so nervous at earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have to spur the economy to supply works and money in the area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm no longer suprised that situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Jewelry" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 6.512615230852894, 'success_used': 14.0, 'success_unused': 3152.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 386.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Political ones are always full of childish swearings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have three days holiday , so I spend these days on playing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All my rotations are interesting summer vacations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my 450th times diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It looks like some jewelries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: concert tickets\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Culture of shames\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second memory is the toys , which I was given near the border .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Trained parents who show distraction produces fewer childrens ' chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "language," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 6.40351376508738, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 522.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 56.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The best time for buying stocks is 10 : 30 or 2 : 30 , whereas that for selling stocks is 9 : 00 to 9 : 05 or 2 : 55 to 2 : 59 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I hope I like the summer Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are the sentences above right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited A & F official website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the reason for something, not "the location of an activity."', 'confidence': 6.385363806832744, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 1562.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 166.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From what I hear , I do n't know if it 's true , he was a famous dancer in his hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I came back home from working today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied many things from there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watch the time go away\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 6.379455644666831, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 630.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my hard - days I am going to go to Belarus , to Minsk )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so nervous at earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I went to school , today also there were only a few students in the classroom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I woke up 7 . 30a .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the case of the year end , we need to sell stocks whose quotes are lower than the original ones because we can reduce the capital gain tax by reporting the loss to the Japanese IRS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll spend the next weeks on board of the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel making some geophysical research and learning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my country is rainy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "at" before a specific moment or time period.'}]
[{'content': 'Use proper punctuation instead of asterisks for emphasis or separation.', 'confidence': 6.37937723574866, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 482.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is a junior high school student and studying English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I will never understand all , of course .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I keep watching it these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She said `` I want to cancel the New York trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you ( The letter to my daughter 's English teacher )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am really looking forward to it : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , at this time , I 'm not supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : - D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Okinawa ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: * * * To me , the new Lang - 8 design is not easy to use . . . * * *\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How was your Halloween ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Use proper punctuation instead of asterisks for emphasis or separation.'}]
[{'content': '"After all" should be used to indicate a conclusion or contrast, and should not be joined by a comma splice.', 'confidence': 6.34930874259609, 'success_used': 9.5, 'success_unused': 1185.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 127.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why , I started it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to sleep after all today too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nice , and I like it , if I have enough time , I will do it again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like to make friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we change our electricity souse to natural one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After I got home , I started repotting and sowing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , it is n't a real bear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After 5 or 10 minutes dance , at last he noticed I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'After all should be used to indicate a conclusion or contrast, and should not be joined by a comma splice.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use "at" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.', 'confidence': 6.345818200252879, 'success_used': 11.0, 'success_unused': 2246.0, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 307.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He has worked at a customer service representative about an insurance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to live my life on my own pace .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At first we found a flyer at the play room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We went to the beach which is at an desert island near Naha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An environmistalist said in TED .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They are illuminated during night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend works in Oshima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This youtube video is so good at symphony of music and image .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second memory is the toys , which I was given near the border .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprized at finding my health condition from my foot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a bachelor 's degree of these subjects at the university .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am very surprised to her progress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met night club in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: he must leave the power because he got sick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to the lost property in the station after work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "after" to indicate the time relationship between two events.', 'confidence': 6.3205165819076194, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 1316.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 149.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It will be base after she will go to new school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After came back home , I cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But two hours later I found I had been sleeping until that time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Saturday we went to a club after drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very difficult" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 6.249180132601957, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 537.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have n't understood the system of this well yet , however , I ca n't help posting my first diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very difficult work because we have to fag overtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: . . . No , extremely sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it is difficult to communicate with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , it is terrible and difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "if" after "even" to indicate a hypothetical scenario.', 'confidence': 6.232255078942811, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 1637.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 170.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is the good for MMA fighter to be strong or to win ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think our language skill was even .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm worried if I can commute to my office tomorrow morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope she would come back to the scene as a diva again , even not like her heyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is as famous as even I know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was worried , whether another people catch my numbers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of medicine I was not able to drink alcohol , I wanted to drink , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If a test is over , I come again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I do n't remember this taste ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It recomends us that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: or cloudy may be better because I do n't want to burn my skin so much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wished I could sink into the floor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "even if" to indicate a hypothetical situation.'}]
[{'content': '"Scary" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 6.201934669126398, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1504.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 162.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her voice was hoarse and cracked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was really wearing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was horrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was very scary because I had been very healthy so far .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He had funny and intersting dance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He might be scary that he was standing without any help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I enjoyed drinking party !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Diary" is a proper noun and should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 6.199135316760316, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 570.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My son have diarrea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I decide to write the english diary as a way to study english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The following is my friend 's diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: dairy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diary 2011 / 7 / 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started keeping a diary around the 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Preposition rule: When indicating a location, the preposition "in" is used to show where something is located.', 'confidence': 6.124923361651532, 'success_used': 9.666666666666666, 'success_unused': 2074.3333333333335, 'failure_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 255.66666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Kinabalu in Borneo Island .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why my bicycle was stolen at GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second period was English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He has worked at a customer service representative about an insurance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My brother will take it in this Friday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third memory is the house we lived .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister is university , my brother is high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited Freemarket which held at park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a pizza for dinner yesterday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have seen an article on TIME .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At first we found a flyer at the play room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese are waiting cherry blossoms in this season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The team I cheer is located in second position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They are illuminated during night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a bear at the washbowl in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I will go to hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , today I ordered some clothes on the internet shop !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tuesday Feb 23\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I read his blog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to study abroad in America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Beautiful flowers bloomed in the sky !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We sat outdoor seats .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The history of my learning English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been here , NY for 4 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'When indicating a location, the preposition "in" is used to show where something is located.'}, {'content': 'When indicating a specific location, the preposition "in" is used to show where something is located.'}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma before a coordinating conjunction that connects two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 6.1216683187777, 'success_used': 9.624999999999998, 'success_unused': 2485.374999999999, 'failure_used': 0.3749999999999999, 'failure_unused': 298.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a lot of fuss once a year outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We , friends since Junigor high scholl , are very interested in this legend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We talked and stayed up late every night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How do you deal with that kind of guy in a club ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When everyone jumped left , I jumped right .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From what I hear , I do n't know if it 's true , he was a famous dancer in his hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe and we can make money by trading Tokyo stocks according to the following roles :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I like spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the last day of my stay there , He said He would plan to go to see Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had to shft to better one , more fruitful one , even obeying that inertia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My room is so messy because I was busy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Exams are the worst thing in life : D , It really is\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I have to be careful , or books will swell up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a park ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If a test is over , I come again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , I think I spend too many hours to use a computer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , by the way , `` white nights `` have already come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some of them are really funny , but some are absurd .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will try to write everyday , I am planning to write to a bussiness person soon , so I really need your help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am not familiar with the sport , but I know his name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , you can .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I saw a movie - Twilight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Nothing bothers me , I can be absorbed in books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why , I started it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Let me write something and see if anyone can review it and give me some advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my country is rainy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was difficult , but very interesting time )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like making a plan , but I ca n't fulfill my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The rooms were big enough , but not so big .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I carry it anywhere , and show it to my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , the moment I just touched the door knob at my home , I got my answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a patio , not garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was so surprised and sad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nice , and I like it , if I have enough time , I will do it again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been here , NY for 4 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He took a bath at seven , but he did n't try to get to bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here all was different , and the teachers too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I suppose , I was 7 ( nice age , you do n't need to think about serious things and can do what you want ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma before a coordinating conjunction that separates two independent clauses.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use a comma before a coordinating conjunction that connects two independent clauses.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma before a coordinating conjunction that connects two independent clauses.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma before a coordinating conjunction that connects two independent clauses is unnecessary.'}, {'content': 'Rule: A comma should not be used to join two independent clauses without a conjunction.'}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used to join two independent clauses without a conjunction.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an independent clause when it is followed by a coordinating conjunction.'}]
[{'content': 'Use an article (a, an, the) before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.', 'confidence': 6.084472941661477, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 1706.6, 'failure_used': 0.2, 'failure_unused': 192.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The test for mobile system engineer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Kinabalu in Borneo Island .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The six movies have the same basic idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will move to city this Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is new attraction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: General roles for the timing to make money in the Tokyo stock exchange\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So if we lose our employer , we ca n't have job !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I drank of bottle of Pocari Sweat and slept for a while .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A second date\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was always looking forward to your lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Sign of Recovery\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are some of causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this experiences , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How to write a reseach proposal ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone who joined this class were very good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: play two roles\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , but I still feel bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm English teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is experienced backpacker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like singing songs ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The catcher in the rye\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: concert tickets\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a combination of American and Mexican cuisine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In black\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: USJ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I opened window but it was not rain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Japanese National holiday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sixth period was math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched season 2 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also hope to improve my poor English ability this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fukuoka is located the northern part of Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , today will be good day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A good review is the best start point .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As mentioned above , because Japan will become the aging society with fewer children , Japan needs people from foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roses grew up and thir flowerpots are too small for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Monday is Equinox 's day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It almost cost a whole morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Phot No2 shows what TERUTERU - BOZU is like . is is made of paper and has eyes and mouth looking like joy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'An article (a, an, the) should be used before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}, {'content': 'An article (a, an, the) before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}, {'content': 'Adjective-noun agreement: Use an article (a, an, the) before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use an article (a, an, the) before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.'}]
[{'content': 'Use quotation marks instead of square brackets for titles.', 'confidence': 6.0632634448817475, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 788.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 66.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thought , `` It 's so terrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first person on this video is Okamura who is a member of Japanese comedy couple `` Ninety - nine ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What is the ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The title is `` closer `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The important point is `` order `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"But" should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 6.046015806895213, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 292.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But I have two worries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But some of them make me feel disgusting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stephen is cute and brave but now he is gone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But today , I 'll introduce you very rare unit `` Okaxile `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Twilight is different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is fun indeed , but it is waste time for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But remainder of its games is 9 games .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So that 's the second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To improve the current situation is really difficult , but it seems to me that it is possible .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the one hand you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'But should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.'}, {'content': 'Use "but" to join two independent clauses with a conjunction.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific language to indicate proficiency or qualifications in that language.', 'confidence': 6.027529263008603, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 2079.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 256.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He wants to learn Japanese skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are the champions in Asia !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only told them in English language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the initial and threw up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to check dictionary all the time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you make many friends of the lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the new in the lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Enjoying" should be used as an adjective to match the subject "I."', 'confidence': 5.974050163118991, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 517.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway I enjoyed a lot ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The next moment we rather become friends with other groups enjoying over there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of the videos are less enjoyable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we enjoyed well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was enjoying to commute this class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you enjoy this video .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I am having my long holidays here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "found" instead of "think" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 5.959750998508021, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 914.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 80.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I checked my pulse and found that there was a missing beat at intervals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt summer will come soon in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I found through clubing as a girl is some guys are so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think our language skill was even .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I have poor English grammar ability , so thank you very much for your advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it 's already outdated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fedor who is Russian , I think he is the one of them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Leisure time" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 5.944429755097188, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 496.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 44.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had long breaktime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It would be good if I could speak\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to this , human 's life can be said to be leisure time to the end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The six movies have the same basic idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently I read a book about the digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a shock !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific location to indicate obstruction or blockage.', 'confidence': 5.905753373188371, 'success_used': 12.0, 'success_unused': 1804.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 220.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a bachelor 's degree of these subjects at the university .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we have hanami , we have to get place before starting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ordered some clothes and they are going to ship on FEB .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made an emergency bag in case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the way I had a headache .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My brother will take it in this Friday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roast chicken only heated up with oven .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked the winter Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "these" instead of "this" when referring to plural objects.', 'confidence': 5.900742733853399, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1425.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 152.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There are two evidences for this : movements and discussions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And one of this I liked the most is a big white fridge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Their parents send children on their first errand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have this symptoms now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this experiences , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I realized that I 'm that kind of people who are easily impressed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as organization names should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 5.819534035622016, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 2309.9999999999995, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 288.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I work for the Japan air self defense force .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We , friends since Junigor high scholl , are very interested in this legend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first Man in Rome\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have seen an article on TIME .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese tea ceremony\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last month I rode a Sanyo Shinkansen train .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to use the word `` sensitivity `` properly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An environmistalist said in TED .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first person on this video is Okamura who is a member of Japanese comedy couple `` Ninety - nine ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wii\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example , the customer or the documents from U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Epidemy of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jpanese energy policy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: typhoon is coming\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: today , I went univercity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a british woman writter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And We went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: we went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About the CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'In English, proper nouns such as specific organizations should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific organizations should be capitalized.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "so" to indicate a high degree of something', 'confidence': 5.791231568843599, 'success_used': 9.333333333333334, 'success_unused': 1890.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 228.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I enjoyed playing soccer and baseball with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese economy is so bad now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I took three - day weekend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was so lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are always so much blood , people are so thirsty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I clened my room very hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know the reason , so I hope to correct the reason this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This youtube video is so good at symphony of music and image .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a so much fun this Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , the temperature got down as compared with yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I hope that summer will pass fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like science too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So decide to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I have a sore throat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: or cloudy may be better because I do n't want to burn my skin so much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "so" to indicate a high degree of something.'}, {'content': '"So" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.'}]
[{'content': '"Than" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 5.774642177102116, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 1684.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 181.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because it was much simple than Korea method .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More than , I should more consideration for her feelings once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been watching at him and his dad talked to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like winter than summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: G .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is smaller than other people . But he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Democratic Party has more many supporters than them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Holiday is over .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel the time past faster than usual .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is 27 , older than me by 6 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "than" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use specific nouns to indicate the focus of the sentence.', 'confidence': 5.7106713360678825, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 87.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to eat its cow tongue again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a lot of workload\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: only some sentences\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Particularly I want to know which verb is incorrect in ( b ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate a general topic or subject, and use "the" to indicate a specific topic.', 'confidence': 5.695093192448644, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 328.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought there were about a hundred thousand people at the grounds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently I read a book about the digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of my friends , yoshimi , introduced me about this website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , the discussions about the plans how we recover from the earthquake has been activated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "if" to indicate a hypothetical scenario.', 'confidence': 5.6748595169169285, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1064.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 130.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It would be great if you leave a comment or corrections .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To improve the current situation is really difficult , but it seems to me that it is possible .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They say it 'll be sunny if you make `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I get a cold , I 'm going to give you tell you first .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use single quotation marks for quoting within a quote.', 'confidence': 5.659483503155545, 'success_used': 9.5, 'success_unused': 2700.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 342.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The mountain is called `` OOYAMA `` which means a big mountain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A teacher asked it `` why `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that 's from Korea 's quarantine depot ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The important point is `` order `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to use the word `` sensitivity `` properly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She said `` I want to cancel the New York trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you ( The letter to my daughter 's English teacher )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She answered me `` Yes , I have a boy friend . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is also good at Japanese and studies ' Kanji ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll spend the next weeks on board of the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel making some geophysical research and learning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only say that `` I like ~ I want . . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Use single quotation marks for quoting within a quote.'}]
[{'content': 'Use of an introductory word should be necessary and relevant to the context.', 'confidence': 5.652644049478909, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 785.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 81.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my hard - days I am going to go to Belarus , to Minsk )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually all the Indian movies have the same basic idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sadly , my dad is going bald recently . lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially I like His stories in Thailand and India .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( There was a power failure until now . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sorry for a little academic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inevitably , I should go to DamYang by bus .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How time flies !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "every day" instead of "everyday" to indicate each day.', 'confidence': 5.651643993776284, 'success_used': 6.5, 'success_unused': 635.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 63.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday learning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday starts new thinngs to try .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many assignments are given to me everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: song everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will try to write everyday , I am planning to write to a bussiness person soon , so I really need your help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menu every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I play street live at every Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When my family used to go there very frequently ( about 3 or 4 times a month ) , I had a nice time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping as long as I want everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday , I 'm very hard to learn it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets off such as reading a book , watching news , and writing anything .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Every day" should be used instead of "everyday" to indicate each day.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "which" to introduce a non-restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 5.574583581803987, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 1592.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 184.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is correct ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you remember my journal which I wrote 2 days ago ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like the stories which can not be expected and be like a roller\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to indicate a preference or enjoyment.', 'confidence': 5.497537803620256, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 909.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 99.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , Do you like study ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like to discuss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I feel sleeping all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "will" to indicate future tense in English.', 'confidence': 5.453676501944241, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1433.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 170.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt summer will come soon in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will be continued to learn English next year and after .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If a test is over , I come again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommorrow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To signal young leaders that entrepreneurship will be rewarded , this solution is important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't know when the situation recover perfectly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wish it 'll be sunny . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This will result in rapid aging society with fewer children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that we shoud never happen the war .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "will" to indicate the future tense of a verb.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "by" to indicate the cause or reason for something, not "about."', 'confidence': 5.408720568279407, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 531.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 68.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am impressed my life at there very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , Japan is an island country , so many Japanese people have not had much opportunity to communicate with foreign people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'ve" should be used instead of "I \'ve" to indicate "I have."', 'confidence': 5.406776618579436, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1353.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 166.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang is located in southern Korea with my camera .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why we could meet again !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've sum up some points which I think important and useful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can ' t live without music !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lesson\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm got up at thirty past 6am in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've made some English classes , actually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'ve" should be "I\'ve" to indicate the contraction "I have."'}]
[{'content': '"So" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 5.402722689591037, 'success_used': 6.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 626.0000000000001, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 55.666666666666664, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And she loves basking too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese economy is so bad now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed so much this trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore , we stop buying commodities , especially luxuriant items .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so please teach me English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I like spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must appreciate my mum and help her ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so comfortable now ! ! ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I want to exchange information about job around the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I made greentea by simply process .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I thought most of the Japan members are tired and the game is very hard for Japan team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to check dictionary all the time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "so" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.'}, {'content': '"So" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': '"Eng" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 5.379898006561117, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 773.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 83.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm just attending the Institute to improve my English because I 'll have to take many classes in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I decide to write the english diary as a way to study english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: please tell me how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "years."', 'confidence': 5.295607330386088, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 860.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 92.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tex - Mex\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We , friends since Junigor high scholl , are very interested in this legend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: today , I went univercity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , there are my boss , my superiors and my juniors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like the stories which can not be expected and be like a roller\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The important point is `` order `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "feel" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 5.2794285065312945, 'success_used': 7.5, 'success_unused': 1132.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 147.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It will be base after she will go to new school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt summer will come soon in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a medicine , so I feel better for now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I feel sleeping all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I felt headache and heavy stomach .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One thing I unsatisfy to live here is that I 'm separated from my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But some of them make me feel disgusting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I shouted her name and stopped her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , it can not satisfied me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use present tense verb "feel" is used to express a current opinion or belief.'}]
[{'content': '"Almost" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 5.266813453773837, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 332.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: all most japanese people have loved them for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He would almost be stucked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Almost all students . 3 / 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the source or origin of something, while "for" should be used to indicate the cause or reason for something.', 'confidence': 5.2549788248907, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 868.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 71.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied many things from there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spree from my house after an hour , so we 'd like to play while drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Parallel structure', 'confidence': 5.17714950615142, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 3428.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 427.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On Friday I went with my class and my teacher to the Botanical Garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The best time for buying stocks is 10 : 30 or 2 : 30 , whereas that for selling stocks is 9 : 00 to 9 : 05 or 2 : 55 to 2 : 59 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: While I was washing the dishes , he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A practical plan and reasonable analysis is also worth a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watch the time go away\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "hope" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 5.111429273033599, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 156.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think I hope to continue a play for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you enjoy this video .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually all the Indian movies have the same basic idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope our TV station can bring the series into Taiwan soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Exclamatory sentences must have a subject and a verb.', 'confidence': 5.095412737861036, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 665.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 84.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: At Tokyo Disney Resort ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is cold this morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good luck on your new start !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a shock !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: kinda lucky but not for me . being bored sucks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She came back !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Very hot , and It was dry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "by" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 5.070643216721526, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1228.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 115.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , They are turned over the progress of classwork .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've just received a international call by my cellphone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is 27 , older than me by 6 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns.', 'confidence': 5.030877694086057, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 230.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: so I like spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So it is good time to buy stocks Friday afternoon and sell them Monday morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So that 's the second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'In English, singular countable nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.)', 'confidence': 5.00239624639987, 'success_used': 6.714285714285714, 'success_unused': 1259.857142857143, 'failure_used': 0.2857142857142857, 'failure_unused': 141.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a new notebook PC .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will move to city this Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: concert tickets\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a news on Yahoo yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I read documentaries , science fictions , mysteries . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on Japanese newspapers frequently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please correct my sentence or grammar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now the only task is to finish my thesis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My hobbies\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreigners baby\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I get courtesy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because when I finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So it is good time to buy stocks Friday afternoon and sell them Monday morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tutor a 9 - grade student in math because of the upcoming senior high school entrance exam .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` 450th times ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shop of inner decorating was green .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the new in the lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt fulfillment !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Electioneering\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very plain and straight forward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my 450th times diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have this symptoms now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I want to exchange information about job around the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Headache\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm doing job hunting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made good friend with Vietnamese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is teacher for walking and posture .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Drinking party\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pizza\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very delicious .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PLEASE check my mail X (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a lot of stuffs and walked a lot . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An Backpacker\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: coaster .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is experienced backpacker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use singular countable nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.)'}, {'content': 'Singular countable nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.)'}, {'content': 'Singular countable nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.) to form a complete sentence.'}, {'content': 'Use singular countable nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.) to form a complete sentence.'}, {'content': 'The rule is that in English, singular countable nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.)'}, {'content': 'Use a singular countable noun that generally requires an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.)'}]
[{'content': '"Because of this reason" is redundant and unnecessary.', 'confidence': 4.997658018128281, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 478.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 64.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this experiences , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this reason , the movement has happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of medicine I was not able to drink alcohol , I wanted to drink , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense verb "met" should be "meet" to indicate the action being described.', 'confidence': 4.96095466459177, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 461.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , after he was chose consul by the romans , he went to Afrika where he fought againt Yugurta who was king of Numidia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I met a Japanese Backpacker When I was in KL .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I dreamed her the night before yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had sleeped only two hours .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A colon should not be used without a complete subject and verb.', 'confidence': 4.9603299425033285, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 142.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: D :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's two balls : one with a cat inside , other with dog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mom stared at him and raised me up to show him : D That 's my first memory about this country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Prey for me : D : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the infinitive form of a verb.', 'confidence': 4.951391826155936, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 997.5, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 106.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should to study again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two months ago I went Oshima to meet him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must make a good schedule which I never give up on it way to .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We need book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy help us to move the baggage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a ) I 'm lacking in the sensitivity to whether an expression is formal or informal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn to speak English and find friends here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My plan was break down at second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And realized how language could help you know more people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My teacher is going to move to change his job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I called The hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "to" before the infinitive form of the verb to indicate the purpose or intention of an action.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I \'m" instead of "I\'m"', 'confidence': 4.8756121319655135, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 289.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.333333333333336, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm not sure about keeping the action points feature though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm always sleepy after eating lunch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to miss him but I really wish him the best of luck with his new life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm learning architecture now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He did n't notice that I 'm also a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I 'm a lazy person , so I tend to choose an easy way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Makitys .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm absolutely get up early ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an elementary school teacher as you might know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm able keep at it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of the language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's two ten in the afternoon right now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I \'m" instead of "I\'m" to indicate "I am."'}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I \'m" instead of "I\'m" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}]
[{'content': 'Prepositions are used to show a relationship between a noun or pronoun and other words in a sentence.', 'confidence': 4.874078338812594, 'success_used': 10.0, 'success_unused': 3156.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 403.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Children who appear on this TV program laugh , cry and go shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Keeping a diary is difficult to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I enrolled the school in this April .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What Chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am listening to music with the commuter train .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I came back to home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister asked me to translate some documents into\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I dreamed her the night before yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roast chicken only heated up with oven .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will ( call by / call up / call off / call at ) Tom to tell him that we are coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" instead of "in" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific day.', 'confidence': 4.8167472192788265, 'success_used': 7.249999999999998, 'success_unused': 1568.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 191.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in Korea , if we skipped the calss because of other affairs , they seemed very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I went with my class and my teacher to the Botanical Garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I left my umbrella in a train this morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I had a tour of this city by bike .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited Freemarket which held at park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Beautiful flowers bloomed in the sky !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the first day of 2010 , like the other years , I made the new year resolution .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I play street live at every Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , I found some web sites that there are huge amount of Mangas that translated in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We went to the beach which is at an desert island near Naha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last Saturday , I play street .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Starting on - line shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I always watch TV at Saturday night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The half game was score less drow , the second half was drow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a bear at the washbowl in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although my school was no lecture , I got up early in the morning today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I go to study English on Sundays .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll return to home in Monday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend starred on the play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the new in the lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "on" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific day.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "at" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific day.'}, {'content': 'Use "on" before a specific day to indicate the location of an activity.'}]
[{'content': '"In case" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the specific situation.', 'confidence': 4.750508867140603, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1242.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 132.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made an emergency bag in case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hooked on the American dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Preparing in case is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the first day of 2010 , like the other years , I made the new year resolution .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently I read a book about the digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "when" to indicate a specific time at which an action started.', 'confidence': 4.683386957154581, 'success_used': 5.5, 'success_unused': 631.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are concerned about when we lose our job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't know when the situation recover perfectly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a Chinese citron now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"When" should be followed by a specific time at which an action started.'}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 4.652384988838803, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 98.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If a test is over , I come again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello , everybody .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "Today" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 4.636867318217686, 'success_used': 8.5, 'success_unused': 1934.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 238.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's or girl 's first errands .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , it was really cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , today I ordered some clothes on the internet shop !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: today , I went univercity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I have two classes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I was uncomfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I meet a friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lunch at McDonald ' s\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used after "Today" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to join compound words.', 'confidence': 4.592438261647602, 'success_used': 7.5, 'success_unused': 1270.0, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 154.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Self - introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What might be some of the causes of over - weight or obesity in the US ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Self - Introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I took three - day weekend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someday , I will make a girl friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Hsiang - Chin .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tex - Mex\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Starting on - line shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am twenty - three years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I use an e - mail to keep in touch with my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wanted to work part - time at USJ , too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the new in the lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my hard - days I am going to go to Belarus , to Minsk )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I found through clubing as a girl is some guys are so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: super - flu\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have started lang - 8 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: please tell me how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PART - 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Phot No2 shows what TERUTERU - BOZU is like . is is made of paper and has eyes and mouth looking like joy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PART - 2\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use of a hyphen instead of a space to join compound words.'}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words.'}, {'content': 'Use a space instead of a hyphen to connect compound words.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "because" to introduce a reason or cause for something.', 'confidence': 4.590224555563747, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1050.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 111.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this reason , the movement has happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a pity that he retires because of this boring case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My room is so messy because I was busy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of medicine I was not able to drink alcohol , I wanted to drink , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As mentioned above , because Japan will become the aging society with fewer children , Japan needs people from foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum but that is not the reason .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: he must leave the power because he got sick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because one for all all for one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "because" to introduce a reason, and "for" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.'}, {'content': 'Use "because" to indicate the reason for something, not "because of this reason."'}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "correct" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 4.5899243578028495, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 273.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made an emergency bag in case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been looking for correct my English diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S . but most Japanese people are not obese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is the link .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"The" should be used before a proper noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 4.576842241194859, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 432.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The student need to answer some questions about Halloween I 've prepared by playing Bingo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whitney Houston Failed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for all the staff and class mates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Shinkansen\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun to form a complete sentence.'}]
[{'content': '"Very hard" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 4.5544929365854925, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 165.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was very scary because I had been very healthy so far .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children were playing games very longtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very hard and I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is to study English hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "don\'t" should be "don\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 4.531688350352954, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 719.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 67.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't want to take Japanese class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don ` t like winter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: caz I don have a school until it ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before "good" to indicate a singular noun.', 'confidence': 4.530394418537232, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 570.0, 'failure_used': 3.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is my first time to write diary on the internet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal group .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a new notebook PC .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made good friend with Vietnamese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Summer holiday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a really hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"When" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 4.500854611083003, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 846.5, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 78.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When she is basking she looks very comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nearly 10 pm when I back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yet she always answer wrong at the same questions that I had taught several times , like negative number multiply by negative number is positive number .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't know when the situation recover perfectly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I heard a sentence last night when I watched TV .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then when I went to Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is not really love to read books ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After 5 or 10 minutes dance , at last he noticed I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When will my P4 come back ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When he gets silence , it is dangerous sign to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "when" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': '"Like" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 4.461151166114079, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 692.6666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 69.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel like her a sister .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is like human life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like to discuss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I hope I like the summer Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her recent picture was not like her before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , Do you like study ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was like ' OMG ! ! ' n hold his head .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a cheeze and a basil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Watching a movie is like the fun pause between two busy periods .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's like\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like the stories which can not be expected and be like a roller\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you think there are like happiness in reality ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The word "like" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.'}, {'content': 'Use "like" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific events should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 4.456315582582736, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 373.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because it was much simple than Korea method .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Election will be done Augst 30 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Basaballgame\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a british woman writter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menu every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific event should be capitalized.'}]
[{'content': '"Ever since" should be used to indicate an action that has been ongoing since a specific point in time.', 'confidence': 4.4536748702321685, 'success_used': 8.0, 'success_unused': 1815.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 212.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a while since I wrote diary on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will be continued to learn English next year and after .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope the symptoms will dispear when I wake up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Korean since Korean often come to my sister 's work place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children were playing games very longtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "ever since" should be used to indicate an action that has been ongoing since a specific point in time.'}]
[{'content': '"On" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 4.44253823199665, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 422.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Starting on - line shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roast chicken only heated up with oven .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "explains" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 4.441124542124563, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 909.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 79.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It remind me high school festival .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Don\'t" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 4.438591758796479, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 147.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't know how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to fight against him , but he did n't show up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't know why .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "so" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "any" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 4.435531653726688, 'success_used': 6.666666666666667, 'success_unused': 1056.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 118.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the teacher was so great to teach us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so please teach me English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , any understanding of objects may involve some simplification ( as I 'm doing now ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So there are a lot to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I like spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I shouted her name and stopped her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know the reason , so I hope to correct the reason this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This youtube video is so good at symphony of music and image .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , how bad is it ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was so surprised and sad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , What can I say when things is so good ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like science too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lessons were energetic and so much fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wore a sweater .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"So" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "any" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.'}, {'content': 'Use "So" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "any" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the direction of communication.', 'confidence': 4.405022826151742, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 591.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I came back to home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A big strong typhoon is coming towards middle area of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two months ago I went Oshima to meet him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as geographical locations should be spelled correctly.', 'confidence': 4.401619047619076, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 568.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: wii\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Kyushe is a part of the Japanese Archipelago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english accents\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific location to indicate the time of an activity.', 'confidence': 4.391261503799612, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 443.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese school , work starts spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only told them in English language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I learning english in the University .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 4.389407042212785, 'success_used': 5.5, 'success_unused': 839.75, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 82.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to correct Thai language for who wrote in Thai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese are waiting cherry blossoms in this season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too short in break time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually new employees are asked to sit on a blue sheet for hours to occupy a nice place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw her play first time today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I usually take a bath more than half an hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Keeping a diary is difficult to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The best time for buying stocks is 10 : 30 or 2 : 30 , whereas that for selling stocks is 9 : 00 to 9 : 05 or 2 : 55 to 2 : 59 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm dying for time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "for" after the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.'}, {'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.'}, {'content': 'Use "for" before the infinitive form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: In English, names are typically separated by a space, not a hyphen.', 'confidence': 4.382137233750532, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 2362.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 264.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like comedy story and history story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: super - flu\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last English lesson , we discussed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Self - Introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Hsiang - Chin .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tex - Mex\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am twenty - three years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stair - fry it until it became golden brown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wish we were on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Another is high - priced tuition .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tex - Mex is a popular food in Texas .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'In English, names are typically separated by a space, not a hyphen.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific location to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 4.363417518555101, 'success_used': 5.8, 'success_unused': 1073.2, 'failure_used': 0.4, 'failure_unused': 97.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Kinabalu in Borneo Island .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time they may be lost adoministration .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My brother will take it in this Friday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister is university , my brother is high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a bear at the washbowl in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , listen to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that is probably a result of lack of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang is located in southern Korea with my camera .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This youtube video is so good at symphony of music and image .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I left my umbrella in a train this morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I hope I like the summer Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Beautiful flowers bloomed in the sky !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , I found some web sites that there are huge amount of Mangas that translated in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have three days holiday , so I spend these days on playing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese school , work starts spring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading Books in a bath\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend starred on the play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "in" to indicate the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "the" to indicate the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" before the location to indicate the position of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" before the location of an activity.'}]
[{'content': 'Contractions are formed by combining a pronoun and a verb, with an apostrophe replacing the omitted letter(s).', 'confidence': 4.351697164783318, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 1073.0000000000002, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 112.33333333333333, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should watch my language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd like to write about my first Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanna have the six - pack ! ! haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's not a joke .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm Makitys .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is there anything wrong with them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a pity !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What was your costume ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure there were some mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Am I busy ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so into it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Still she has n't recovered from them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I got ta get the intercom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm twenty years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe he 's still its owner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm want to learn english\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Contractions are formed by combining two words and replacing missing letters with an apostrophe.'}, {'content': 'Contractions are formed by combining a pronoun or noun with a verb, with no space before the apostrophe.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "than" to indicate a comparison between two things.', 'confidence': 4.3418545599401766, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 518.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Democratic Party has more many supporters than them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I rather be working outside than be a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Comparing with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I woke up earlier than recently today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific location to indicate the place where something is found.', 'confidence': 4.245820377551972, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 415.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in Korea , if we skipped the calss because of other affairs , they seemed very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to USJ yesterday with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At first we found a flyer at the play room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of parentheses to indicate a choice between options is not necessary in this context.', 'confidence': 4.219936797806362, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1892.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 224.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( see the map I 've attached )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: b ) I have to cultivate ( enhance / enrich / sophisticate ) the sensitivity to others ' feelings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What is the ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The important point is `` order `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( laughing laughing )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( There was a power failure until now . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will ( call by / call up / call off / call at ) Tom to tell him that we are coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It ( is able to / may ) rain at any moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I suppose , I was 7 ( nice age , you do n't need to think about serious things and can do what you want ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The title is `` closer `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The use of parentheses to indicate a choice between options is not necessary in this context.'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am." The contraction "do n\'t" should be "don\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 4.216644065093934, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 711.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 69.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have n't understood the system of this well yet , however , I ca n't help posting my first diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanna have the six - pack ! ! haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wish it 'll be sunny . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a little bit disappointed about the speed of shipping , but it does n't matter , I 'm really satisfied with the price and design of clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Of" should not be used after "an algorithm" to indicate the creation of a computer program.', 'confidence': 4.182661684017364, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 335.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He has worked at a customer service representative about an insurance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diagnosed of being easily impressed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to get friends here and have my compositions corrected .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "when" to introduce a time-related clause with a subject and verb.', 'confidence': 4.176874014081691, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 420.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I met a Japanese Backpacker When I was in KL .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I and she became friend when we were junior high school student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no specific grammar rule being applied here, just a simple correction of punctuation.', 'confidence': 4.165872893925225, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1235.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 140.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thanks for reading and correcting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: okay right now I want to know what is the best way to learn the English accents ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Capitalization rule: The first word of a sentence should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 4.156812280305986, 'success_used': 7.75, 'success_unused': 2181.5, 'failure_used': 0.49999999999999994, 'failure_unused': 275.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I Love to learn new things especially languages but I want to learn it because I want to not because I have to , you know\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` is challange time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: RAIN\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is also very valuable for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whitney Houston Failed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I met a Japanese Backpacker When I was in KL .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - First , I go to GwangJu by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wii\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Sign of Recovery\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I went to english school before work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it makes me happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to Home Depo to buy a bag of soil and a planter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was horrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hello\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: today , I went univercity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english accents\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: w\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The history of my learning English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Monday is Equinox 's day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Meeting the Challenge and Grasping the Opportunity\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The first letter of a sentence should always be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Capitalization rule: The first letter of a sentence should always be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'The first word of a sentence should be capitalized.'}]
[{'content': '"Nice" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 4.150388325349941, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1104.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 119.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When my family used to go there very frequently ( about 3 or 4 times a month ) , I had a nice time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nice , and I like it , if I have enough time , I will do it again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "by" to indicate the agent of an action.', 'confidence': 4.133778875110382, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 952.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 118.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , dou you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The daughter was woken up by my wife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I had a tour of this city by bike .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "and" to indicate a combination of conditions or actions.', 'confidence': 4.123345721436471, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 590.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is cloudy or rainy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Which is the good for MMA fighter to be strong or to win ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "introduce" already implies providing information about something or someone, so the use of "about" is redundant and unnecessary.', 'confidence': 4.105007151940221, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1711.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 214.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So he will try to study about something in that his time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will introduce about my dog , Tiara .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But he has no idea that he should study about .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to reconsider about how to use a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "wasn\'t" should be used instead of "n\'t" to indicate "was not."', 'confidence': 4.097886939571187, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 498.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 70.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't really like cockroaches . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was n't afraid of Edward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But they ca n't eat food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "think" instead of "thinks" and "is not" instead of "is"', 'confidence': 4.085681440958929, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1460.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 150.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I hope to continue a play for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I have poor English grammar ability , so thank you very much for your advice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think our language skill was even .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fedor who is Russian , I think he is the one of them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Waited for" should be used to indicate waiting for something.', 'confidence': 4.077426402900609, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1226.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 118.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had been watching at him and his dad talked to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm eagerly waiting for Sommer come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese are waiting cherry blossoms in this season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" instead of "of" to indicate the location of a place within a larger area.', 'confidence': 4.075166280781392, 'success_used': 5.6, 'success_unused': 1083.0, 'failure_used': 0.6, 'failure_unused': 118.8, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My friend works in Oshima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to study abroad in America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third memory is the house we lived .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited Freemarket which held at park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister is university , my brother is high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fukuoka is located the northern part of Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked the winter Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And he took in my favorite subject like soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At first we found a flyer at the play room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This weekend three holidays in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We sat outdoor seats .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I live in Okinawa , the southwestern part of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually new employees are asked to sit on a blue sheet for hours to occupy a nice place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The team I cheer is located in second position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The article is from the Review & Outlook section .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the top of mountain , there is a shrine contracted in 700 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been here , NY for 4 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Huang river is the second longest river of China .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought why I felt bad in the bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roast chicken only heated up with oven .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I thought most of the Japan members are tired and the game is very hard for Japan team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am going to move out to Saitama ( Kanto area ) from here just because I study at the university in Saitama .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a new experience and very educational of English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "the" to indicate the location of a place within a larger area.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" before the location of a place within a larger area.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" to indicate the location of a place within a larger area.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "from" to indicate the location of a place within a larger area.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: In English, a complete sentence should end with a punctuation mark, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point.', 'confidence': 4.062433650555924, 'success_used': 6.833333333333333, 'success_unused': 1857.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 235.83333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Spain !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I did today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading and correcting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How do you deal with that kind of guy in a club ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Language is difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You think the second one was different ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the letter below .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good luck on your new start !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Street live !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fifth period was science .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hello\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Grammer was also wrong . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: July 18th\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a coincidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pay attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( I think no doubt about illegal . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I have two worries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The catcher in the rye\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recommend it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I came back home from working today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whitney Houston Failed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been wondering what she was doing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hi\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good morning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are these sentences OK ? ? : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Friday !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I found it hard to achieve recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Take care .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Old and not beautiful . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ridiculous ? !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello World\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello everyone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , dou you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Are the sentences above right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How was your Halloween ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: In English, a complete sentence should end with a single punctuation mark, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point.'}, {'content': 'In English, a complete sentence should end with a punctuation mark, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point.'}, {'content': 'Rule: In English, sentences should end with appropriate punctuation, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point.'}, {'content': 'In English, sentences should end with appropriate punctuation, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point.'}, {'content': 'Use a complete sentence should end with a single punctuation mark, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point.'}]
[{'content': 'When indicating the order of events, use "in" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 4.031132514544256, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 237.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is only 10 days left for this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My plan was break down at second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They are illuminated during night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sunday Feb 21\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: A sentence should have a complete subject and verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 4.028247783672959, 'success_used': 8.285714285714288, 'success_unused': 2496.8571428571418, 'failure_used': 1.357142857142857, 'failure_unused': 285.0714285714285, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Softball\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are concerned about when we lose our job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish You Happy In Paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading and correcting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know that It is essential but It make me really stressed out : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My hobbies\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreigners baby\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My city has Gozan no okuribi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: first experience\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Street live !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ZAO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I joke name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping all day untill I had to work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It said that was disappointing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Electioneering\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Enjoy !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , there remains to get it and check it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hello\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After left Seoul , I did n't use the on - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: w\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We excited the show !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: QQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to know how does communicate with each other in foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister asked me to translate some documents into\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was really nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Third period was P .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The third solution is immigration reform .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( I think no doubt about illegal . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second period was English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because he still want to play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fruit\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: concert tickets\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Day 74 : I lied today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My eleven months old son could stand by himself for the first time today !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Love Karaoke\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S . but most Japanese people are not obese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Arrangements\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Listening to music\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wonderful voices .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To improve the current situation is really difficult , but it seems to me that it is possible .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Take care .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Here is a funny story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hint : in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: about reading books\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a patio , not garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , it can not satisfied me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First entry\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: reading diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Vessel\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Doing for relaxation\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please give me power !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Phot No2 shows what TERUTERU - BOZU is like . is is made of paper and has eyes and mouth looking like joy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I did today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is the below one OK ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oversleep\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish us luck : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the letter below .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like making a plan to do something ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: anymore .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do my best !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , strange custom is remained as for hanami .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If my sentences are n't practical correct them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really like to discuss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dancing\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: G .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Pizza\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good words\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I remembered very important thing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading English language make me feel very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading Books in a bath\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lunch at McDonald ' s\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The sounds of the steps\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But a no way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: cow tongue\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and magazins ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Play\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It play on station near .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A lot of good features are inherited from old Fallout series , like the SPECIAL system , always having good , bad , neutral and ( my favorite ) sarcasm options when talking with NPCs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I came back home from working today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How about my opinion ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been wondering what she was doing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: my weekend\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bye !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A bear at the washbowl\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first person on this video is Okamura who is a member of Japanese comedy couple `` Ninety - nine ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I opened window but it was not rain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now they disturb me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someone help me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: GUITAR\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I find lots of things fascinating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: is everyone free ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What else can I do ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I just have\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: BUT !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: wake up !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: URL\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: In English, a complete sentence must have a subject and a verb.'}, {'content': 'The grammar rule is that a complete sentence should have a subject and a verb.'}, {'content': 'Rule: In English, a complete sentence should have a subject and a verb to be grammatically correct.'}, {'content': 'In English, a complete sentence should have a subject and a verb.'}, {'content': 'A complete sentence should have a subject and a verb to be grammatically correct.'}, {'content': 'A sentence should have a complete subject and verb to form a complete sentence.'}, {'content': 'The rule is that a complete sentence must have a subject and a verb.'}, {'content': 'In English, a complete sentence should have a subject and a verb to be grammatically correct.'}, {'content': 'In English, a complete sentence must have a subject and a verb.'}, {'content': 'Rule: A sentence should have a subject and a verb to be grammatically correct.'}, {'content': 'This is a basic rule of grammar that a sentence should include a subject and a verb to be complete.'}, {'content': 'A sentence should have a subject and a verb to be grammatically correct.'}, {'content': 'A complete sentence must have a subject and a verb.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "who" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 4.023241489256762, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1541.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 173.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Actually , who let me know about Lang - 8 was him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a lot of funny costumes on the street which has a lot of clubs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fedor who is Russian , I think he is the one of them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "though" to introduce a contrast or concession in a sentence.', 'confidence': 4.010509195830851, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1656.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 192.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He started to cry hard after that , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm not sure about keeping the action points feature though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The top of the mountain was very cold although I worn a snowboard wear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "made it" without specifying what was made funny.', 'confidence': 4.006693884764889, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1414.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 153.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My poor expressions made her irritated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the initial and threw up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I made an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jason Statham recited a piece of poetry that made it a funny ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Making" should be followed by a plural noun "plans" to indicate the action of creating a strategy or course of action.', 'confidence': 4.004220287131777, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 1099.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 135.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it seems that I hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like making a plan to do something ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like making a plan , but I ca n't fulfill my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Someday , I will make a girl friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "may" to indicate a wish or hope for something to happen.', 'confidence': 3.9457018609694825, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 548.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish you happy in paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It ( is able to / may ) rain at any moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommottow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Bought" should be used instead of "brought about" to indicate the purchase of something.', 'confidence': 3.9339706032897745, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 498.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 56.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After lunch of today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "thanks" to indicate the recipient of gratitude.', 'confidence': 3.9213921795701996, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 413.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thanks a lol .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "that" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 3.8949003751088305, 'success_used': 6.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 1303.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 165.66666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's nearly 10 pm when I back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must make a good schedule which I never give up on it way to .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , who let me know about Lang - 8 was him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you remember my journal which I wrote 2 days ago ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum but that is not the reason .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a lot of funny costumes on the street which has a lot of clubs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It recomends us that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was about what foreigners are wondering while they live in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: related documents , which means I was not allowed to make\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is as famous as even I know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Phot No2 shows what TERUTERU - BOZU is like . is is made of paper and has eyes and mouth looking like joy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "that" to introduce a restrictive clause.'}, {'content': 'Use "that" to introduce a non-restrictive relative clause.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "than" to compare nouns or pronouns.', 'confidence': 3.884599339356895, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 409.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: His Kanji 's ability is much better than me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I elder than before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like winter than summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More than , I should more consideration for her feelings once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Although" should be used to indicate a contrast.', 'confidence': 3.8411960101113776, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 131.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though today is second day of new year , I say best wishes for my friends all the same .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "any" to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 3.8384378235224155, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 691.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 80.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since few customers come there , he has nothing to do for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I watched without any want to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very bad" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 3.8185297501055846, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 762.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 78.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My room is so messy because I was busy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought why I felt bad in the bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is that my English is very clumsy yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjective-noun agreement: Adjectives should agree in number and gender with the noun they modify.', 'confidence': 3.814745746048107, 'success_used': 5.571428571428571, 'success_unused': 1351.7142857142856, 'failure_used': 0.14285714285714282, 'failure_unused': 159.57142857142853, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Political ones are always full of childish swearings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She had a incredible beautiful high voice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Only problem is that it is very heavy food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We lived in the same guesthouse and we were the only Japanese who was there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It has not been rainy for a week ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These neglections are sometimes violent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like comedy story and history story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a so much fun this Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my 450th times diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is chewing something really dangerous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Through school lunch , students learn many kind of taste , knowledge of food and Japanese culture for six years at least .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We thought that it was not good to have a satisfied days when people in the damaged area were suffered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We were classmates in college as an undergraduate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked the winter Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , Japanese employment will face great big difficulty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All my rotations are interesting summer vacations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` It 's true that radiation pollute people or vegetables , soil , air and sea more or less .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of public primary school provide lunch for students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was warm fine day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Old and not beautiful . . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A practical plan and reasonable analysis is also worth a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Adjective placement: Adjectives should agree in number and gender with the noun they modify.'}, {'content': 'Adjectives should agree in number and gender with the noun they modify.'}, {'content': 'Adjective-noun agreement: Adjectives should agree in number and gender with the nouns they modify.'}, {'content': 'Adjectives should agree in number and gender with the nouns they modify.'}, {'content': 'Adjective placement: Adjectives should agree in number and gender with the noun they modify'}, {'content': 'Adjective-noun agreement: Adjectives should agree in number with the noun they modify.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "other" to indicate a different choice or option.', 'confidence': 3.80921525398288, 'success_used': 5.5, 'success_unused': 1563.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 189.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And we had a dinner with my another friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This game was very tough game for each team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The next moment we rather become friends with other groups enjoying over there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I can do another things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's or girl 's first errands .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And one of this I liked the most is a big white fridge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Another is high - priced tuition .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can recognize a person 's ones , because it is a matter of life or death for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was worried , whether another people catch my numbers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's only adult or childs that I can meet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "other" to indicate a choice between two options.'}]
[{'content': '"By" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 3.7756151260849156, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 1022.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 108.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children cry to turn mother 's attention to them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be followed by the base form of the verb "to be" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 3.7664732781572288, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 483.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's very lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm planning to go climbing the mountain with friends tommorow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "lessons" instead of "lesson" to indicate multiple instances of the activity.', 'confidence': 3.7568784826649764, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 709.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 68.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was looking for English class around here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Take care" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 3.750363636363571, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 673.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thanks for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Take care .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: see you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Long" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 3.741740740740798, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 864.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had long breaktime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I make a long entry again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The river is very long , I ca n't see the limit , and the water is peaceful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Got" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 3.7225757575758536, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 785.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm afraid I got H1N1 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing the subject , I got my call from my friend yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "don\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 3.7101032566181864, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 213.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: caz I don have a school until it ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Subject-Verb agreement: Use singular pronouns to refer to singular nouns.', 'confidence': 3.7081172349858362, 'success_used': 4.5, 'success_unused': 764.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 72.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in Korea , if we skipped the calss because of other affairs , they seemed very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They asked me if we have fever and cold symptoms .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son have diarrhea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought earthquake is coming when I wash my face in the morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Subject-verb agreement: Use singular pronouns to refer to singular nouns.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "time" instead of "times" to indicate a single instance of an activity.', 'confidence': 3.7022070469498036, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 2456.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 312.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the time from bloom to falling is very early .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wasted too much time on watching Youtube .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It took long time to do that but I was happy , so I like gardening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is my 450th times diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "worst" instead of "worse" to describe the group.', 'confidence': 3.69369758635183, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1770.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 191.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watch the time go away\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope this band did n't become worse yet like many others big ones and I 'll enjoy listening it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "repot" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 3.685822754111894, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 931.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 81.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He would almost be stucked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to do repotting of my roses .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will be continued to learn English next year and after .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Another" should be used to indicate a specific additional thing, while "other" should be used to indicate a different set of things.', 'confidence': 3.6665240738577283, 'success_used': 5.5, 'success_unused': 1327.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 165.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I can do another things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not simple thing to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should never kill another people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Except the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's two balls : one with a cat inside , other with dog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And we had a dinner with my another friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: These days I suffered many unhappy things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Another is high - priced tuition .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was worried , whether another people catch my numbers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Another should be used to indicate a specific additional thing, while other should be used to indicate a different set of things.'}]
[{'content': '"So" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "a little" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 3.6382271687831738, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 218.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tomorrow I have a little work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So My heart flutters with expectation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I got sunburned a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "who" instead of "which" to introduce a defining relative clause.', 'confidence': 3.625506285842464, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 719.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second memory is the toys , which I was given near the border .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" instead of "with" to indicate the direction of communication.', 'confidence': 3.612656054140376, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 867.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 96.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Please lend me a pen to write ( with / on ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to know how does communicate with each other in foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I listen the English song .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We will be continued to learn English next year and after .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thank you for all the staff and class mates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I drank the beer with her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "with" to indicate the direction of communication.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "leave" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 3.6060453986884617, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 263.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It would be great if you leave a comment or corrections .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually tit is hung under the roof , but I could ' nt do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "think" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 3.591322971048905, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 167.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope she would come back to the scene as a diva again , even not like her heyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But you should think once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory word should be necessary and relevant to the context.', 'confidence': 3.5679147926941917, 'success_used': 4.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 608.0, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 55.333333333333336, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we will go to my mother 's home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I thought that what to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , what do you like to do in summer ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - First , I go to GwangJu by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe , in this August my mom and I will visit Norway , Sweden and Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , it is my boss 's one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I start to learn English for the first time in a decade .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For instance , I started watching Indian movies about a month ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , the moment I just touched the door knob at my home , I got my answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , it can not satisfied me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after an introductory word should be necessary and relevant to the context.'}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after an introductory word should be necessary and relevant to the context.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "as" after "regard" to indicate the object of the action.', 'confidence': 3.5449242057088863, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1631.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 188.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a ) I 'm lacking in the sensitivity to whether an expression is formal or informal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He has worked at a customer service representative about an insurance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to regard these comments as representing the average intellectual level of the viewer as a whole .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We were classmates in college as an undergraduate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "because" to indicate the reason for something, not "from."', 'confidence': 3.5342224831996303, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 393.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"After" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 3.5259239360661447, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 914.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 84.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After left Seoul , I did n't use the on - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After came back home , I cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spree from my house after an hour , so we 'd like to play while drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For three days I can keep my schedule , but after three days I ca n't do that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After lunch of today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to sleep after all today too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After graduated from the university , I got a job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After I got home , I started repotting and sowing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'After should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "flies" to indicate the passage of time.', 'confidence': 3.5092519061934597, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 480.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: How fast time goes by !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Time fries like an arrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel the time past faster than usual .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "have" should be used.', 'confidence': 3.5019099947672094, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 596.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked her if she have boyfriend or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory phrase when expressing contrast or transition.', 'confidence': 3.4887519816324923, 'success_used': 5.75, 'success_unused': 1699.75, 'failure_used': 0.25, 'failure_unused': 179.25, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , there is the movement to buy the commodities made in Fukushima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We , friends since Junigor high scholl , are very interested in this legend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Changing the subject , I got my call from my friend yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At first we found a flyer at the play room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked up three solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore , we stop buying commodities , especially luxuriant items .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on Japanese newspapers frequently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , there remains to get it and check it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also , can anyone answer this ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To signal young leaders that entrepreneurship will be rewarded , this solution is important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I , on the other hand , did n't have much time to watch any .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , today I went to guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , at this time , I 'm not supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I want to write its contents more , I am sleeping . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I saw a movie - Twilight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after an introductory phrase when expressing contrast or transition.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after an introductory phrase when expressing contrast or transition.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb when expressing contrast or transition.'}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "So" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 3.48391405834668, 'success_used': 4.625, 'success_unused': 1291.7499999999995, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 136.62499999999997, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So getting along with people in the community is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I enjoyed playing soccer and baseball with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I found a Japanese TV program introducing Wittgenstein 's ' Tractatus Logico - philosophicus ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I listen the English song .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know the reason , so I hope to correct the reason this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I thought that what to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So the contents are probably poor . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I start to learn English for the first time in a decade .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I hope that summer will pass fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So decide to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So in this game we lost .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , there 's not much time left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was so bitter for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So today I made greentea by simply process .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , They are turned over the progress of classwork .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to find some friends on this web site to offer me some help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The classes these days are difficult for me , so I have to study very hard . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So My heart flutters with expectation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I remembered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , please somebody correct my English !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wore a sweater .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So that 's the second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets off such as reading a book , watching news , and writing anything .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I got sunburned a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after an interjection such as "So" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after "so" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after "so" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after an introductory adverb such as "So" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used after "So" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "So" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "so."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "very" before an adjective to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 3.4675626123121845, 'success_used': 3.6666666666666665, 'success_unused': 241.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt summer will come soon in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very difficult work because we have to fag overtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children were playing games very longtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very plain and straight forward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We became friends soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As for ordinary Japanese people , my English level is supposed to be high to some extent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday , I 'm very hard to learn it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it was very interesting work too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "very" to indicate a high degree of something.'}, {'content': 'Use "very" to modify an adjective or adverb to indicate a high degree of the quality.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "not only" to indicate a contrast.', 'confidence': 3.4506470588235696, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 334.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked up three solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "boyfriend."', 'confidence': 3.4485045045046077, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 921.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She answered me `` Yes , I have a boy friend . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a beginer at learning english , and I want to improve .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The following is my friend 's diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "say" instead of "saying" after "analysts."', 'confidence': 3.4477489878544687, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1776.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 192.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When the last day of my stay there , He said He would plan to go to see Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They say it 'll be sunny if you make `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He said He traveled around this world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "But" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 3.4454893347482, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 604.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it never means that the objects themselves are really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's common for we Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , the moment I just touched the door knob at my home , I got my answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I can study English through this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used after "But" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "also" after the subject to indicate a specific emphasis or focus.', 'confidence': 3.4281656676657097, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 502.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I went to school , today also there were only a few students in the classroom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And my cousins are fine also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also want to be of some help to revive Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Also" should be used after the subject to indicate a specific emphasis or focus.'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'ll" should be used instead of "I \'ll" to indicate "I will."', 'confidence': 3.422620837040404, 'success_used': 4.6, 'success_unused': 1008.4, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 109.6, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't been prepared to face all the things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll graduate the university in 2012 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: now here he 's coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've sum up some points which I think important and useful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Otherwise , I feel something wrong as if I did n't do a homework that would punish me when I finally hand out the empty note to a meticulous teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'd like to write about my first Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to leave this school and to be a teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope this band did n't become worse yet like many others big ones and I 'll enjoy listening it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The student need to answer some questions about Halloween I 've prepared by playing Bingo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to see them !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm learning architecture now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've received the acceptance letter and scholarship decision from the Berklee College of Music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll return to home in Monday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'll make the greentea again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll enter the Berklee in the fall semester this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a single woman and live by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'ll" should be used instead of "I \'ll" to indicate "I will."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I \'ll" should be "I\'ll" to indicate "I will."'}, {'content': '"I \'ll" should be used instead of "I \'ll" to indicate "I will."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I\'ll" should be "I\'ll" to indicate "I will."'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am." The contraction "ca n\'t" should be "can\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 3.3978620460376874, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 460.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm a little bit disappointed about the speed of shipping , but it does n't matter , I 'm really satisfied with the price and design of clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm gon na go to sleep . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"That" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 3.390270400292902, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 572.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of my ultimate goal as an English teacher is that all students look the world broadly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I suspected that way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must make a good schedule which I never give up on it way to .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "depot," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 3.385237510137346, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 179.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is called the one of the best fighter in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Sign of Recovery\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Saturday , Sunday and Monday close .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that 's from Korea 's quarantine depot ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "can \'t" should be "can\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 3.3848888888889137, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 201.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can ' t live without music !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in this attack they could n't get any points .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have to change our energy policy if we ca n't do that safely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" after "wondering" to indicate the condition.', 'confidence': 3.3770682319751026, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 313.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was about what foreigners are wondering while they live in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I need to reconsider about how to use a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so nervous at earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "yesterday" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 3.3742277739558095, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 1830.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 190.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I watched a movie called The Expendables .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept down as soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a Chinese citron now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate a general topic or subject, and use "jobs" to indicate multiple job opportunities.', 'confidence': 3.369764065156997, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 2103.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 233.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I drank of bottle of Pocari Sweat and slept for a while .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About the CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm so nervous at earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I want to exchange information about job around the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will introduce about my dog , Tiara .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , I 'm doing job hunting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "part-time."', 'confidence': 3.3695795565258644, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 2168.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 266.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My friend worked part - time at USJ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is 3 : 25 a . m . at Japan Standard Time ( JST ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wanted to work part - time at USJ , too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" before a pronoun to indicate the recipient of an action.', 'confidence': 3.3414808635538704, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 112.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Subject-verb agreement rule', 'confidence': 3.3347254129106103, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 3109.6, 'failure_used': 0.4, 'failure_unused': 368.2, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What I did today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where does he stands ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope someone see my diary and correct it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We lived in the same guesthouse and we were the only Japanese who was there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know that It is essential but It make me really stressed out : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He always make his own theory about life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But remainder of its games is 9 games .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My English could not help me\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It remind me high school festival .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The examination fee cost $ 150 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: hint : in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I and she became friend when we were junior high school student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recommended that he study English or Chinese with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And if the team win 8 games , the team will get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They asked me if we have fever and cold symptoms .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone who joined this class were very good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It would be great if you leave a comment or corrections .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First write\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son have diarrhea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today My worklord were so many .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Meeting the Challenge and Grasping the Opportunity\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Their parents send children on their first errand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can anyone help ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Subject-Verb agreement rule'}, {'content': 'Subject-Verb Agreement'}, {'content': 'Subject-verb agreement'}, {'content': 'Subject-Verb agreement'}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "want" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 3.310333687817586, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 214.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Particularly I want to know which verb is incorrect in ( b ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have enjoyed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Finished one of my works ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the reason for something, not "for."', 'confidence': 3.3082892332499845, 'success_used': 4.666666666666667, 'success_unused': 1365.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 153.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , I like making a schedule of one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to correct Thai language for who wrote in Thai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese are waiting cherry blossoms in this season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Keeping a diary is difficult to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Preparing in case is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , the discussions about the plans how we recover from the earthquake has been activated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is natural for us , but they think it seems strange .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From the Wall Street Journal today , I found an interesting article about the future plan of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the reason for something, not "from."'}, {'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the reason for something, not "from."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the impact or influence of something.', 'confidence': 3.296078416728931, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 235.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This will result in rapid aging society with fewer children .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Heavy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 3.2953148589797454, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 452.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Drinking party\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: heavy stomach\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I felt headache and heavy stomach .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Only problem is that it is very heavy food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very delicious .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Very heavy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "make" is "made," not "mede."', 'confidence': 3.292551084293395, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1393.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 144.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I dreamed that I found her just sitting by my side when I waked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I might be make a mistake when corrected English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He always make his own theory about life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept down as soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had sleeped only two hours .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made good friend with Vietnamese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The past tense of the verb "make" is "made," not "mede."'}]
[{'content': 'Emoticons should not be used in formal writing.', 'confidence': 3.2777890314020737, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 318.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Good morning : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: mistakes ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mom stared at him and raised me up to show him : D That 's my first memory about this country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And the prices are very expensive ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "did n\'t" instead of "didn\'t."', 'confidence': 3.2543033126294243, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 206.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" after "all" to indicate a specific portion of a group.', 'confidence': 3.241029698069667, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 352.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of my ultimate goal as an English teacher is that all students look the world broadly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Almost all students . 3 / 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "today."', 'confidence': 3.220108581940414, 'success_used': 4.5, 'success_unused': 1197.75, 'failure_used': 0.75, 'failure_unused': 144.25, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had lunch at McDonald 's near my university with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we will go to my mother 's home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , it was really cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today first period was `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But as you know , my writing ability is like a child play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I read his blog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At any rate , it was fun !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I have two classes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , by the way , `` white nights `` have already come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also , can anyone answer this ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was reviewing my previous entries and my comments .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , it 's Christmas morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , today I went to guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially I like His stories in Thailand and India .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was very free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "today."'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb such as "today."'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after an introductory adverb such as "today."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "make" to indicate the creation of friendships or relationships.', 'confidence': 3.2038238556201524, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 927.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 110.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you like making a plan to do something ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We friendships for more than 10 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , I like making a schedule of one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I hope you can understand a lot of foreign friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to get friends here and have my compositions corrected .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know that It is essential but It make me really stressed out : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "make" to indicate the action of forming friendships.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a superlative adjective to indicate a specific instance.', 'confidence': 3.1939070892530226, 'success_used': 4.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 685.3333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 70.66666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is de main character , although appearing others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and the Caesar 's grandfather .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the top of mountain , there is a shrine contracted in 700 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal group .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though today is second day of new year , I say best wishes for my friends all the same .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This matter made me realize the important things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I found a very cute movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"The" should be used before a superlative adjective to indicate a specific instance.'}, {'content': '"The" before a superlative adjective should be used to indicate a specific instance.'}]
[{'content': '"Japanese" should be followed by a noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 3.181957767722504, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 246.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He wants to learn Japanese skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjectives should be placed in the correct order, with opinion adjectives first, followed by size, age, shape, color, origin, and material.', 'confidence': 3.1751243085273173, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 195.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She had a incredible beautiful high voice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Subject-verb agreement: Modal verbs like "must" are followed by the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 3.172284226886036, 'success_used': 3.6666666666666674, 'success_unused': 734.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt summer will come soon in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I might be make a mistake when corrected English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human 's life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must make a good schedule which I never give up on it way to .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I have to dug my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And if the team win 8 games , the team will get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone who joined this class were very good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For three days I can keep my schedule , but after three days I ca n't do that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Modal verbs like "must" are followed by the base form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'Subject-Verb agreement: Modal verbs like "must" are followed by the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "by" to indicate the reason for something, not "from."', 'confidence': 3.1666574295271492, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 1264.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 138.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because of this reason , the movement has happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm no longer suprised that situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "everywhere" to indicate the action of carrying something to all places.', 'confidence': 3.1521242668391833, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 493.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 60.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I carry it anywhere , and show it to my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will try to write everyday , I am planning to write to a bussiness person soon , so I really need your help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Medicine" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 3.1451486357984564, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 411.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I took a medicine , so I feel better for now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Trained parents who show distraction produces fewer childrens ' chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Through school lunch , students learn many kind of taste , knowledge of food and Japanese culture for six years at least .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "into" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 3.138846719268086, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 414.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: All in all , Japan is trying to recover from the stunned situation now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "That\'s" should be used instead of "That \'s" to indicate "That is."', 'confidence': 3.1260082221886853, 'success_used': 3.8, 'success_unused': 914.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 107.8, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why my bicycle was stolen at GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's not a joke .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's a kind of ' inertia ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's like\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that it 's very high .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think it 's already outdated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So that 's the second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's about it for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that 's from Korea 's quarantine depot ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Berklee do n't requires a TOEFL score .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "that\'s" should be used instead of "That \'s" to indicate "that is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "that \'s" should be "that\'s" to indicate the contraction "that is."'}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "that \'s" instead of "that\'s" to indicate the contraction of "that is."'}, {'content': 'Use "that\'s" instead of "That \'s" to indicate "that is."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the duration of an action.', 'confidence': 3.125011572448007, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 462.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's common for we Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I usually take a bath more than half an hour .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw her play first time today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to do many things for one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "for" instead of "to" to indicate the duration of an action.'}]
[{'content': '"A" is used before consonant sounds, while "an" is used before vowel sounds.', 'confidence': 3.1217914666372937, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 552.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was warm fine day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An abstract concept of hapiness\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an elementary school teacher as you might know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take an enough rest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is teacher for walking and posture .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We went to the beach which is at an desert island near Naha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a amazing day today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"An" is used before consonant sounds, while "and" is used before vowel sounds.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "a" should be used to indicate a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 3.1189468077366493, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 401.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Time fries like an arrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I feel like her a sister .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human 's life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they 're all still made of clay .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Like" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "a" should be used to indicate a singular countable noun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "months" to indicate multiple months.', 'confidence': 3.1084005376120363, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 491.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "months" to indicate a range of dates.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "have been study" instead of "have been studying" to indicate the ongoing action of studying English.', 'confidence': 3.073307599294913, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 881.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 91.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have n't been prepared to face all the things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been looking for correct my English diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm study of English was started .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use present perfect tense to indicate an action that occurred at an unspecified time before now.', 'confidence': 3.0548368055005715, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 209.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is cloudy or rainy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've sum up some points which I think important and useful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"More" should be followed by an adjective or adverb to modify.', 'confidence': 3.043309242644213, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 532.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Democratic Party has more many supporters than them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway I did my best more than I could and finished .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I want to write its contents more , I am sleeping . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"In" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the specific situation.', 'confidence': 3.0190555918062207, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 595.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In black\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A bear at the washbowl\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If remote control tool is taken by evil person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'In should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the specific situation.'}]
[{'content': '"Very clumsy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 3.017118949958997, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Here is a funny story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is that my English is very clumsy yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: The contraction for "it is" is "it\'s" with an apostrophe.', 'confidence': 3.007881500533742, 'success_used': 5.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 1916.0, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 228.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thought , `` It 's so terrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a while since I wrote diary on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know it 's thick and bitter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to eat its cow tongue again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wish it 'll be sunny . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , it 's Christmas morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's summer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a pain to do my homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction for "it is" is "it\'s" with an apostrophe.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "it is" is "it\'s" with an apostrophe.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "think" to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 3.0039710723319177, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 304.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You think the second one was different ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error', 'confidence': 2.989487286659806, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 2222.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 280.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Grammer was also wrong . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think I cought a cold : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nearlly 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Steeven tought me today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Stair - fry it until it became golden brown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Checked outside" should not be used as a standalone verb.', 'confidence': 2.9737002997003557, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 458.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Saturday , Sunday and Monday close .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I quite checking sites so many often , I think I can save my time more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I checked my pulse and found that there was a missing beat at intervals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "walking" should be used to indicate the action of walking.', 'confidence': 2.964885462196575, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 605.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , I like making a schedule of one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your life is like when you walk .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Like" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "walking" should be used to indicate the action of walking.'}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb such as "however."', 'confidence': 2.9533033992184987, 'success_used': 3.3333333333333335, 'success_unused': 684.0, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 71.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , there is the movement to buy the commodities made in Fukushima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I do n't think that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , at 110 minute , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I , on the other hand , did n't have much time to watch any .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , it is terrible and difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , she is already 46 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hysterically , I am a well planned person so there are always full of schedules that keep me from anything spontaneous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , inviting foreign people are not easy due to the following two reasons .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For instance , I started watching Indian movies about a month ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "however."'}, {'content': 'A comma should be used after an introductory adverb such as "However" when expressing strong emotion.'}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Lang-8" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 2.938436781609266, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 590.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Acording to this , taking a nap is not good for digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: please tell me how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Comma splice rule', 'confidence': 2.9291379942817612, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 744.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 93.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The ending was great , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a piece of toast putting butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have clothes washer in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It features heavy use of melted cheese , beans , chili and tortillas .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( see the map I 've attached )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Verb usage: The verb "tell" should be used instead of "give" in this context.', 'confidence': 2.928061720566514, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 311.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It remind me high school festival .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I get a cold , I 'm going to give you tell you first .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma to separate a greeting from the rest of the sentence.', 'confidence': 2.926944046544876, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 399.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hi everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! My name is Ken .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How are you doing ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sorry , that 's all for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote the last diary here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma after a greeting to separate it from the rest of the sentence.'}]
[{'content': '"Dancing" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.9253203973756907, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 573.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 56.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Dancing\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The club has some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After 5 or 10 minutes dance , at last he noticed I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Last time" is redundant and unnecessary.', 'confidence': 2.917581673201969, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 355.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I woke up earlier than recently today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary last time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Biggest" should be followed by a specific noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.896263403263415, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The rooms were big enough , but not so big .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English is one of my biggest problems .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction " \'n\'t" should be used instead of " \'n\'t" to indicate "not."', 'confidence': 2.8749003115264817, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It did n't wow me really , not like Inception anyway , because its story was n't strong or strange enough .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was n't afraid of Edward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "pre-intermediate."', 'confidence': 2.868143908647919, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 2070.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 262.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 : 25 a . m . at JST\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am twenty - three years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What might be some of the causes of over - weight or obesity in the US ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available Haneda airport .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PART - 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very poor" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.863632850241557, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "three-day."', 'confidence': 2.8554130781499674, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 383.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I took three - day weekend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diary 2011 / 7 / 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very exciting" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 2.851558420628534, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 67.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Second , many Japanese people can not speak foreign languages very well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring is very exciting season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" after the preposition "at" to indicate the location of something.', 'confidence': 2.8486334776334923, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a bear at the washbowl in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Such" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 2.848076222660396, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 918.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 105.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Such discussions are able to be heard around Japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it is such big change in my lifetime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had never seen such a many people , so I was very surprised : ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a colon instead of a hyphen to indicate the second part.', 'confidence': 2.8349918201545465, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 1645.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 202.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is 3 : 25 a . m . at Japan Standard Time ( JST ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Self - introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend worked part - time at USJ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the last summer vacation , I traveled around Asia ; Melaka & KL ( Malaysia ) , Siem Reap ( Cambosia ) , and Bagan ( Myammer ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I wanted to work part - time at USJ , too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I saw a movie - Twilight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PART - 2\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a space instead of a hyphen to indicate the second part.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "has" to indicate the existence or presence of something.', 'confidence': 2.8276516290727627, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 677.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 56.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My son have diarrea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "very difficult" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 2.825295668549909, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had a so much fun this Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "though" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 2.796656410292788, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 2913.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 353.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He started to cry hard after that , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm not sure about keeping the action points feature though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The ending was great , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I 'm not good at using a time at all , I want to try to be good at using a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it seems that I hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Though today is second day of new year , I say best wishes for my friends all the same .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" before a specific location to indicate the time of an activity.', 'confidence': 2.7934561140285217, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 118.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I drank of bottle of Pocari Sweat and slept for a while .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "if" after "whoever" to indicate a hypothetical scenario.', 'confidence': 2.793020758384989, 'success_used': 4.5, 'success_unused': 821.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 92.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm so happy if you comment on my diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope she would come back to the scene as a diva again , even not like her heyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I quite checking sites so many often , I think I can save my time more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't have to change our energy policy if we ca n't do that safely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fedor who is Russian , I think he is the one of them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "if" after "who" to indicate a hypothetical scenario.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "when" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 2.7736931276168217, 'success_used': 2.6666666666666665, 'success_unused': 525.6666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 59.666666666666664, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and when we were going to sit in a truck , frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I heard a sentence last night when I watched TV .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then when I went to Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second memory is the toys , which I was given near the border .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you remember my journal which I wrote 2 days ago ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I found it hard to achieve recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"when" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.'}, {'content': '"when" should be used to introduce a restrictive relative clause.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "game," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 2.764163417193441, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 158.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday I went to the stadium to see the baseball game .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very high" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.7591124679632726, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 488.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that it 's very high .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The use of "very high" as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify is incorrect.'}]
[{'content': 'Capitalize proper nouns, including the names of institutions, when referring to them.', 'confidence': 2.757538663100932, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 410.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 44.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I work for the Japan air self defense force .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The catcher in the rye\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Photo No , 1 shows how it is hung on the window in my room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll enter the Berklee in the fall semester this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Epidemy of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Capitalization Rule: Capitalize proper nouns, including the names of institutions, when referring to them.'}]
[{'content': '"Everyday" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Every day."', 'confidence': 2.7480256410256954, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 457.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Everyday starts new thinngs to try .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Good" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.7352545129289623, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 256.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It would be good if I could speak\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What bitter !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good words\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "See you" when addressing someone.', 'confidence': 2.733705882353063, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1007.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 99.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: no title , haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: See you , guys !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: see you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "an" before words starting with a vowel sound.', 'confidence': 2.730010062012683, 'success_used': 5.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 1822.2222222222222, 'failure_used': 1.1111111111111112, 'failure_unused': 213.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Self - Introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We were classmates in college as an undergraduate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a really hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have seen an article on TIME .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it is such big change in my lifetime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come to me chance surely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: With knowing comes caring , with caring there is an hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All day working !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a news on Yahoo yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We went to the beach which is at an desert island near Naha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My eleven months old son could stand by himself for the first time today !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The half game was score less drow , the second half was drow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - First , I go to GwangJu by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I use an e - mail to keep in touch with my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It took long time to do that but I was happy , so I like gardening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So it is good time to buy stocks Friday afternoon and sell them Monday morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because MMA is sports but they should n't think MMA is sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was looking for English class around here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Japanese National holiday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have a all day working .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was warm fine day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should never kill another people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , today will be good day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Headache\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take an enough rest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Korean since Korean often come to my sister 's work place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , I found some web sites that there are huge amount of Mangas that translated in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've just received a international call by my cellphone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a amazing day today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is the season of cherry trees in japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spring is very exciting season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An Backpacker\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will show a soccer at midnight\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For long time , I did n't see her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "an" before words that begin with a vowel sound.'}, {'content': '"An" should be used before words starting with a vowel sound.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "an" before words starting with a vowel sound.'}, {'content': 'Use "an" before words that begin with a vowel sound'}, {'content': 'Use "an" before a singular noun starting with a vowel sound.'}, {'content': 'Use "an" before a vowel sound to indicate the indefinite article.'}, {'content': 'Use "a" before words starting with a consonant sound.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "a" before words starting with a consonant sound.'}]
[{'content': 'The verb "went" should be in the past tense to match the timing of the action being described.', 'confidence': 2.7283086529884195, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 134.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Lower" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.726907407407484, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 628.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first solution is to lower corporate and personal taxes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Political ones are always full of childish swearings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space between "green" and "tea" to form the compound word "green tea."', 'confidence': 2.7262636300898, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 692.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 64.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - First , I go to GwangJu by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'll make the greentea again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"About" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 2.724154250940413, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 412.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 46.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it can only input about two hundred and fifty songs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think knowing others ' love affair does n't make any sense for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's or girl 's first errands .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About the CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "about" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something'}]
[{'content': '"Anyway" should be used to indicate a transition or change of topic, and should not be joined by a comma splice.', 'confidence': 2.7180812890524395, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 182.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Icy , Snow - covered Trees\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Apparently , the world is lopsided .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I think I 'll spent quite some playing it in the next few weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , listen to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Anyway should be used to indicate a transition or change of topic, and should not be joined by a comma splice.'}]
[{'content': 'When writing a name, it should be written with a space or without punctuation between the first and last name.', 'confidence': 2.7165629243844385, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 534.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Shanghai friends\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: USJ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My name is Hsiang - Chin .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Child 's First Errand\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the direction of communication.', 'confidence': 2.7103631664278387, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 458.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to seeing him again through here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "do n\'t" instead of "don\'t."', 'confidence': 2.697262084518129, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 330.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of them is drinking alchole outside , because most countries do n't seem to be allowed to drink .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He took a bath at seven , but he did n't try to get to bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to master this language well . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "do n\'t" instead of "don\'t."'}]
[{'content': 'The verb "supply" should be replaced with "create" to indicate the generation of employment opportunities.', 'confidence': 2.6877623924176057, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1079.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 112.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We have to spur the economy to supply works and money in the area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The movement during the first 30 minutes after the stock market opening is controlled by the dominant tendency made by the US traders .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" before a specific topic or subject matter.', 'confidence': 2.6732312678247534, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 157.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that I want to go to the lesson again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a ) I 'm lacking in the sensitivity to whether an expression is formal or informal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before team names to indicate a specific team.', 'confidence': 2.6681229946524514, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 370.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I went to Kanazawa university festival with my American friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm very glad to win Japan team !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll enter the Berklee in the fall semester this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "read" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 2.663124579124581, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Recently I read a book about the digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend works in Oshima .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "American" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 2.6610203403902672, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 526.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I went to Kanazawa university festival with my American friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions in English should not have a space before the apostrophe. Use single quotation marks for quoting within a quote.', 'confidence': 2.660144154721703, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 974.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 119.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's a kind of ' inertia ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ca n't I say `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sorry , that 's all for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too hot in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Contractions should not have a space before the apostrophe. Use single quotation marks for quoting within a quote.'}]
[{'content': 'Use the infinitive form "to keep" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.658971509971527, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 141.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I regretted to keep putting him down for 3 hours during the day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Nearest" should be followed by a specific noun to indicate the extent of the location.', 'confidence': 2.644901098901105, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 51.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I had lunch at McDonald 's near my university with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oshima is a small island nearest to Tokyo in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Kyushe" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Kyushu."', 'confidence': 2.637732981993925, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 614.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Fukuoka city is the biggest city in Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Kyushe is a part of the Japanese Archipelago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "however" to indicate the degree of difficulty.', 'confidence': 2.621706563232879, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 426.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hysterically , I am a well planned person so there are always full of schedules that keep me from anything spontaneous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "see" should be in the present tense to match the subject "someone."', 'confidence': 2.6179172121678946, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 75.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope someone see my diary and correct it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been watching at him and his dad talked to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Capitalization Rule', 'confidence': 2.606200599561393, 'success_used': 6.0, 'success_unused': 2063.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 234.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is de main character , although appearing others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and the Caesar 's grandfather .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I remembered very important thing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: RAIN\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I went to english school before work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Okinawa ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "than" to compare actions or states of being and "like" to compare nouns or pronouns.', 'confidence': 2.602201991465183, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 272.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because it was much simple than Korea method .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I woke up earlier than recently today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "need" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 2.600913043478269, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The student need to answer some questions about Halloween I 've prepared by playing Bingo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I really need help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "thanks to" instead of "thanks for" to express gratitude.', 'confidence': 2.5915524002705506, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 803.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 83.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thanks a lol .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very interesting" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 2.591000000000015, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 129.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was difficult , but very interesting time )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am very surprised to her progress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Rain" should be used as a noun to indicate the action of water falling from the sky.', 'confidence': 2.5908225993956076, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 974.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 98.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: it is rainning today ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It has not been rainy for a week ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it has been raining for 3days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` wishing sunshine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "other" instead of "another" to indicate a different set of things.', 'confidence': 2.5872766915383334, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 899.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 87.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's two balls : one with a cat inside , other with dog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I can do another things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can check other videos about Okaxile .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very nice" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.5785952740070917, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 432.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Epitome of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last weekend was very nice !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Nice" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Movies" and "cartoons" are already plural and do not need to be followed by "s."', 'confidence': 2.5759915966386835, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 235.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: first experience\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a semicolon before a coordinating conjunction (and, but, for, nor, or, so, yet) that separates two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 2.568666666666694, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 224.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Coughed" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.537924626291043, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 1568.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 179.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I noticed it because he coughed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He moved to tears when he won .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wish you happy in paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use "as" to compare actions or states of being and "like" to compare nouns or pronouns.', 'confidence': 2.536955724190388, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 1260.6666666666665, 'failure_used': 0.6666666666666666, 'failure_unused': 173.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But as you know , my writing ability is like a child play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diagnosed of being easily impressed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her recent picture was not like her before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My precious time is the time when I read books taking a bath !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Your life is like when you walk .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is as famous as even I know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But it 's like\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't celebrate ancestors or dead like the way western people do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "as" to compare actions or states of being and "like" to compare nouns or pronouns.'}, {'content': 'Use "as" to compare actions or states of being and "like" to compare nouns or pronouns'}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English typically end with an "s" or "es" at the end.', 'confidence': 2.5355651281546683, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 677.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 82.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because when I finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Hair Style of the Wang\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Being" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.5353910422050343, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 325.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Having a job here is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very beautiful" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.5263684210526782, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 379.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They were very beautiful , and they looked as if they were large creatures !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Modal verbs like "may" are followed by the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 2.5255714258500417, 'success_used': 3.75, 'success_unused': 1180.75, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 145.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time they may be lost adoministration .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommottow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It would be good if I could speak\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I might fall asleep soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's might be boring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If only I had black dense curtains .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , it can not satisfied me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , Japan is an island country , so many Japanese people have not had much opportunity to communicate with foreign people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We lived in the same guesthouse and we were the only Japanese who was there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My English could not help me\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We may win a trip to NY !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It ( is able to / may ) rain at any moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I may be child .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Subject-verb agreement: Modal verbs like "may" are followed by the base form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'Subject-Verb agreement: Modal verbs like "may" are followed by the base form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'Modal verbs like "might" are followed by the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before "weekdays" to indicate the specific days of the week.', 'confidence': 2.519240541389522, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 3046.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 345.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I play street live at every Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Infinitive form rule: The infinitive form "to eat" should be used instead of "to ate" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 2.5085108948931487, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 1273.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 142.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I regretted to keep putting him down for 3 hours during the day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And realized how language could help you know more people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to ate it again someday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But they ca n't eat food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to eat" should be used instead of "ate" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': '"Souse" should be "sources" and "resource" should be "resources" to indicate plural forms.', 'confidence': 2.5058596491228564, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 415.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "n\'t" should be "haven\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 2.5057773094077143, 'success_used': 5.2857142857142865, 'success_unused': 2254.5714285714284, 'failure_used': 0.14285714285714285, 'failure_unused': 289.14285714285705, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have n't been prepared to face all the things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good idea thinking in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't feel that before several years , I did same things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I still have got a cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But they ca n't eat food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I do n't like love stories .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanna have the six - pack ! ! haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From what I hear , I do n't know if it 's true , he was a famous dancer in his hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It ca n't be told by simple words .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She was n't afraid of Edward .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is drinking alchole outside , because most countries do n't seem to be allowed to drink .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't understood the system of this well yet , however , I ca n't help posting my first diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have n't been in such situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I cant speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in this attack they could n't get any points .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could n't believe the method of charging .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Still she has n't recovered from them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , it is n't a real bear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I did n't know she is an actress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The Berklee do n't requires a TOEFL score .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "have n\'t" should be used instead of "haven\'t" to indicate "have not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "have n\'t" should be "haven\'t" to indicate "have not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "n\'t" should be "isn\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "n\'t" should be "can\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "haven\'t" should be used instead of "had n\'t" to indicate "have not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "ca n\'t" should be "can\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}]
[{'content': '"A bit" should be followed by a specific activity or noun to indicate the extent of the action.', 'confidence': 2.498745341614927, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 162.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I just installed Fallout 3 and played a bit last night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed snorkel !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used before a punctuation mark.', 'confidence': 2.4911052631579005, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 47.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Maybe , in this August my mom and I will visit Norway , Sweden and Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "fulfill" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 2.4817439732203144, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 871.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 82.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like making a plan , but I ca n't fulfill my plan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "aloso" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 2.475867340797012, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 760.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 90.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also I wanted to do sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a comma to separate dependent clauses at the beginning of a sentence', 'confidence': 2.4756157550174014, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 843.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 100.66666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why , I started it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: During the last summer vacation , I traveled around Asia ; Melaka & KL ( Malaysia ) , Siem Reap ( Cambosia ) , and Bagan ( Myammer ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Moreover Tokyo is a very crowded city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On the one hand you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I suppose , I was 7 ( nice age , you do n't need to think about serious things and can do what you want ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma to separate dependent clauses at the beginning of a sentence'}, {'content': 'Use a comma to separate dependent clauses at the beginning of a sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "for a very long time" to indicate the duration of an activity.', 'confidence': 2.470063492063565, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 608.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I always stay there for a long time all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It took long time to do that but I was happy , so I like gardening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children were playing games very longtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using a simile to compare two things, it should be followed by a noun or noun phrase to complete the comparison.', 'confidence': 2.4699836829837176, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 281.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Your life is like when you walk .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Lost" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.466415584415609, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 200.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time they may be lost adoministration .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lost property\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" before the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 2.466141644420217, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 539.0, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 60.666666666666664, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` 450th times ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What Chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Usually new employees are asked to sit on a blue sheet for hours to occupy a nice place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm always dreaming to get my English composition proofread by English native speakers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I drank of bottle of Pocari Sweat and slept for a while .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: a ) I 'm lacking in the sensitivity to whether an expression is formal or informal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The shop of inner decorating was green .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that is probably a result of lack of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "of" before the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action'}, {'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the purpose of an action.'}]
[{'content': '"That" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.457716861081667, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It said that was disappointing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "style."', 'confidence': 2.4463170731707495, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 147.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Self - introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Because" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.4459612322614284, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 92.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I felt headache and heavy stomach .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it has been raining for 3days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` wishing sunshine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because MMA is sports but they should n't think MMA is sports .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Because" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "scared" instead of "scary" to match the verb "was."', 'confidence': 2.4390689655173348, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 761.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 87.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was very scary because I had been very healthy so far .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He might be scary that he was standing without any help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "cought" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "caught."', 'confidence': 2.437068965517266, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 212.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think I cought a cold : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very long" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.4334935064935146, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 69.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Children were playing games very longtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Took a walk" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 2.4224117647058963, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had to prepare for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns.', 'confidence': 2.4196793935991203, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 152.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Time fries like an arrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "remind" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 2.4195538847118128, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 261.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It remind me high school festival .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"However" should be used to indicate a transition or change of topic, and should not be joined by a comma splice.', 'confidence': 2.4185696649029995, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However , inviting foreign people are not easy due to the following two reasons .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I think it 's fun , right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction " \'ve" should be used instead of " \'ve" to indicate "have."', 'confidence': 2.403510227936907, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 230.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 've just received a international call by my cellphone .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "sensitivity."', 'confidence': 2.399349531116853, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 489.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to use the word `` sensitivity `` properly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very tough" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.3963512544803303, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 356.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Being a housewife is really tough .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This game was very tough game for each team .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Very tough" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.'}]
[{'content': '"Some of" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 2.391168498168521, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 191.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: there are some reason why we love it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm attaching some of photo is I 've taken in DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before the location of a place within a larger area.', 'confidence': 2.3864554737085792, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 662.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 75.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "favorite" instead of "favorit" to indicate a preferred activity.', 'confidence': 2.3779308176101015, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 327.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Wonder" should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 2.3732962962963264, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 250.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder I will be able to stay up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "dispear" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "disappear."', 'confidence': 2.3725774400936577, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1198.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 122.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope the symptoms will dispear when I wake up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very short" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.3722479338843194, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 179.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "especially" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 2.370115533443906, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 117.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "English" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 2.3697673070730167, 'success_used': 3.8947368421052637, 'success_unused': 1188.8421052631577, 'failure_used': 0.5789473684210528, 'failure_unused': 139.42105263157896, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I work for the Japan air self defense force .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We need book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy help us to move the baggage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only told them in English language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An environmistalist said in TED .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a beginer at learning english , and I want to improve .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My city has Gozan no okuribi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sumo champion , called yokozuna , is required to be strong not only phisically , but also spiritually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I went to english school before work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I decide to write the english diary as a way to study english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sorry , that 's all for today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About my friend in Oshima\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And We went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Happy new year\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprized at finding my health condition from my foot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is the season of cherry trees in japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The title is `` A New Plan for Japan `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu 's Retirement\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: English skill\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Early Morning\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first Man in Rome\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The catcher in the rye\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The mountain is called `` OOYAMA `` which means a big mountain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have seen an article on TIME .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will go to Tokyo Disney Land in February .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It says He is in Isreal now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love Sommer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: S . but most Japanese people are not obese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: USJ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Hair Style of the Wang\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Okaxile\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mr .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The lesson 's topic was Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Jpanese energy policy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: GUITAR\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english accents\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today was the day of my chinese friend 's birthday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a british woman writter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A visit to Huang river park\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roses grew up and thir flowerpots are too small for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: An Backpacker\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Monday is Equinox 's day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Fukuoka city is the biggest city in Kyushu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Proper nouns should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as nationality and names should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific languages should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as languages should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific titles should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'English language rule: In English, the proper noun "English" should be capitalized when referring to the language.'}, {'content': 'Grammar rule: In English, the proper noun "English" should be capitalized when referring to the language.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific country should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'In English, the proper noun "English" should be capitalized when referring to the language.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific place should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Proper nouns should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as nationality should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific locations should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'In English, proper nouns such as specific locations should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as nationalities should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific subjects should be capitalized.'}, {'content': 'Capitalize "English" to indicate the proper noun.'}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific countries should be capitalized.'}]
[{'content': '"Like to" should be replaced with "fond of" to indicate a preference for something.', 'confidence': 2.364076759061844, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 83.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , Do you like study ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.3513844409559206, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 416.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is very difficult to say anything . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very nice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Wear" should be followed by "snowboard gear" to indicate the appropriate clothing for the activity.', 'confidence': 2.3496288441145503, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 178.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The top of the mountain was very cold although I worn a snowboard wear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was really wearing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" after the verb "graduate" to indicate the institution from which the graduation will occur.', 'confidence': 2.348277660324197, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 209.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll graduate the university in 2012 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After graduated from the university , I got a job as an engineer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" followed by a plural noun to indicate the options available for selection.', 'confidence': 2.337019607843172, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 290.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It has not been rainy for a week ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "want" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 2.3363636363636804, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 369.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanted to see them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because he still want to play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spaces should not be used between numbers and punctuation marks', 'confidence': 2.3067778362778455, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 302.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is 3 : 25 a . m . at Japan Standard Time ( JST ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 2010 . 3 . 26\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is in 2009 , it 's so fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is 27 , older than me by 6 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spaces should not be used between numbers and punctuation marks.'}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific artist should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 2.2950803212851767, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 291.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Do not use a comma before a subordinate clause when it follows an independent clause.', 'confidence': 2.2924851849219046, 'success_used': 2.3333333333333335, 'success_unused': 593.3333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 68.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But , we have to finish term examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was reviewing my previous entries and my comments .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: At any rate , it was fun !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , today I ordered some clothes on the internet shop !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Do not use a comma before a subordinate clause when it follows an independent clause.'}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used before a subordinate clause when it follows an independent clause.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "beginer" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "beginner."', 'confidence': 2.290666666666719, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 433.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am a beginer at learning english , and I want to improve .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "e-mail."', 'confidence': 2.284727272727315, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 357.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I use an e - mail to keep in touch with my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "9th-grade."', 'confidence': 2.284559133601722, 'success_used': 1.6666666666666667, 'success_unused': 280.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.66666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tutor a 9 - grade student in math because of the upcoming senior high school entrance exam .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My friend worked part - time at USJ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use hyphens to connect compound words such as "9th-grade."'}, {'content': 'The use of a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "9th-grade."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 2.2815719136848243, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 651.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 88.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The club has some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Keeping a diary is difficult to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "may" to indicate a possibility or likelihood of something happening.', 'confidence': 2.279438244411908, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 786.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 76.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It ( is able to / may ) rain at any moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "lie" does not require the additional "down" to indicate the action of reclining or resting.', 'confidence': 2.2764918032787143, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 210.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I used to lie down on the sofa after finishing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "watching" instead of "watching at" to indicate the action of observing someone.', 'confidence': 2.262113207547218, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 398.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had been watching at him and his dad talked to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "correctly" after the subject to indicate a specific emphasis or focus.', 'confidence': 2.259655067155144, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 640.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "masssage" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "massage."', 'confidence': 2.256155172413841, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 398.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I got a foot masssage today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"masssage" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "massage."'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: When indicating the order of events, use "on" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 2.252350456581046, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 892.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 95.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tuesday Feb 23\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After lunch of today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sunday Feb 21\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is Asia Champion League first match .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I go to study English on Sundays .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'When indicating the order of events, use "on" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)'}]
[{'content': 'Use "so" to indicate a reason for something, not "from."', 'confidence': 2.243558054985633, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 1057.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 98.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , What can I say when things is so good ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I may be child .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "they" to indicate the subject performing the action.', 'confidence': 2.2425624509034403, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 504.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I and she became friend when we were junior high school student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Something should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 2.2388571428571877, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 374.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It gave me a sense of strangeness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction " \'d" should be used instead of " \'d" to indicate "would."', 'confidence': 2.2351111111111304, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 164.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'd like to write about my first Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don like it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Fast" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.227074580813785, 'success_used': 2.3333333333333335, 'success_unused': 604.6666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 60.666666666666664, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: How fast time goes by !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Come fast next season !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was very hard and I was very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is in 2009 , it 's so fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Very fast" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}, {'content': '"Fast" should be used as an adjective, not an adverb.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "hapiness" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "happiness."', 'confidence': 2.2270123266564994, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 862.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 94.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: An abstract concept of hapiness\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "However" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 2.220551346422129, 'success_used': 4.5, 'success_unused': 1942.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 239.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However , she is already 46 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I have to be careful , or books will swell up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I do n't think that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , inviting foreign people are not easy due to the following two reasons .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the experience of volleyball is not always working well for softball because of a form difference .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , at 110 minute , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , it is terrible and difficult .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use of a comma after "However" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}]
[{'content': 'The word "friend" should be possessive, so it should be "friend\'s."', 'confidence': 2.210736842105279, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 130.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: friend 's birthday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" to indicate the manner in which an action is performed.', 'confidence': 2.204391994478958, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 60.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This show features with `` Parents dating Guys `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "how" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.2000245310245505, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 188.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "it\'s" with an apostrophe to indicate "it is."', 'confidence': 2.192425061425102, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 330.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Basking" should not be used as a standalone verb.', 'confidence': 2.182308366729705, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 259.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And she loves basking too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Be leaving\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she is basking she looks very comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Basking" should be followed by a specific noun to form a complete sentence.'}]
[{'content': '"Little" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 2.176357521943255, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 14.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Since few customers come there , he has nothing to do for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm a little bit disappointed about the speed of shipping , but it does n't matter , I 'm really satisfied with the price and design of clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"A little" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.'}]
[{'content': '"New" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.174533477907319, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 250.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recent TV game is amazing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is new attraction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "months" instead of "month" to indicate a duration of time.', 'confidence': 2.173876365297072, 'success_used': 7.0, 'success_unused': 2025.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 243.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My eleven months old son could stand by himself for the first time today !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had sleeped only two hours .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it has been raining for 3days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` wishing sunshine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Standalone verbs should not be used without a subject or context.', 'confidence': 2.156351045788585, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 33.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: RAIN\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The first solution is to lower corporate and personal taxes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Play\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to make sentences . 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "call" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 2.154177419354904, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 535.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to ate it again someday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I called for refund the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "change" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 2.14995532547344, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 69.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My teacher is going to move to change his job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that , we change our electricity souse to natural one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a specific topic or subject after the verb "change" to form a complete sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a comma before the word "which" when it introduces a nonrestrictive clause.', 'confidence': 2.138846999883762, 'success_used': 4.666666666666668, 'success_unused': 2366.6666666666665, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 301.3333333333333, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A lot of good features are inherited from old Fallout series , like the SPECIAL system , always having good , bad , neutral and ( my favorite ) sarcasm options when talking with NPCs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I made an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited Freemarket which held at park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The mountain is called `` OOYAMA `` which means a big mountain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second memory is the toys , which I was given near the border .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the thing which often Japanese wives say `` Which is important I ' am or your work ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: related documents , which means I was not allowed to make\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been here , NY for 4 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the initial and threw up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma before the word "which" when it introduces a nonrestrictive clause.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma before the word "which" when it introduces a nonrestrictive clause.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "honestly" to indicate sincerity or truthfulness, instead of "hysterically."', 'confidence': 2.123874392084543, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 176.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hysterically , I am a well planned person so there are always full of schedules that keep me from anything spontaneous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "say" instead of "saying" after "want to."', 'confidence': 2.122598261912923, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 452.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to say is no future in just only the strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only say that `` I like ~ I want . . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" before a duration of time to indicate the specific period of time.', 'confidence': 2.103374246668459, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 769.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We have three days holiday , so I spend these days on playing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"What" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 2.096884615384623, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 62.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We should note something what we need .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "what" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.'}]
[{'content': '"a lot" should be used as two words', 'confidence': 2.0923143427188378, 'success_used': 3.5, 'success_unused': 1614.9999999999998, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 185.16666666666663, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many assignments are given to me everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sounds a lit bit tricky ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lol .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So there are a lot to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made mistakes a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I 'll make the greentea again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the symbol of a lot of technologies in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We 've known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway I enjoyed a lot ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was very free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks a lot !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know there are a lot of things which I does n't understand yet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a lot of stuffs and walked a lot . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"a lot" should be used as two words.'}, {'content': '"A lot" should be used as two words.'}, {'content': 'Rule: "a lot" should be used as two words'}, {'content': 'Rule: "a lot" should be used as two words.'}, {'content': 'Use "a lot" as two words.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "that" instead of "which" to introduce a restrictive clause.', 'confidence': 2.0871785714286215, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 417.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The mountain is called `` OOYAMA `` which means a big mountain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a lot of funny costumes on the street which has a lot of clubs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'In English, sentences should generally be complete and have a subject and a verb to form a complete thought.', 'confidence': 2.0800000000000263, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 249.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hello everyone ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: w\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About the CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Bad" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 2.0626933019977436, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 775.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 73.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It sounded not bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought why I felt bad in the bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am." The contraction "have n\'t" should be used instead of "haven\'t" to indicate "have not."', 'confidence': 2.0592460968936663, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 463.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If my sentences are n't practical correct them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "But" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 2.054927865016641, 'success_used': 3.2499999999999996, 'success_unused': 1218.5, 'failure_used': 0.25, 'failure_unused': 131.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thought , `` It 's so terrible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However it was too terrible to live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I have to be careful , or books will swell up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a coincidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , I do n't think that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , the temperature got down as compared with yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And , by the way , `` white nights `` have already come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , My gran ' ma is safe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after an interjection such as "But" when expressing strong emotion.'}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used after an interjection such as "But" when expressing strong emotion.'}, {'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "However" when expressing strong emotion.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "an" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "and."', 'confidence': 2.0486033057851722, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 391.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "Every day" is always two words when used as an adverbial phrase.', 'confidence': 2.043406558793841, 'success_used': 4.000000000000001, 'success_unused': 1975.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 248.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday learning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday starts new thinngs to try .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not simple thing to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many assignments are given to me everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: song everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I play street live at every Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping as long as I want everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday , I 'm very hard to learn it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Every day" is always two words when used as an adverbial phrase.'}, {'content': 'Every day is always two words when used as an adverbial phrase.'}]
[{'content': '"Ones" should be replaced with "individuals" or "participants" to indicate specific people.', 'confidence': 2.0403926645092496, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 669.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is only one line I did n't understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper spelling and punctuation should be used for the word "special."', 'confidence': 2.036621621621631, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 75.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today is nothing specal to write ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "that" instead of "which" to introduce a defining relative clause.', 'confidence': 2.020367044744509, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 254.33333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 25.333333333333332, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought earthquake is coming when I wash my face in the morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"That" should be used instead of "which" to introduce a defining relative clause.'}, {'content': 'Use "that" should be used instead of "which" to introduce a defining relative clause.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "familiar" to indicate the relationship between the songs and the people.', 'confidence': 2.01545454545456, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 120.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that is probably a result of lack of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very cold" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 2.014686274509826, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 178.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is very cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "here" to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 2.012414141414172, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 248.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am going to move out to Saitama ( Kanto area ) from here just because I study at the university in Saitama .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm looking forward to seeing him again through here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "here" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "plausible."', 'confidence': 2.002392111215237, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 222.33333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Plausible" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "plausible."'}, {'content': 'Proper spelling and punctuation should be used for the word "plausible."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "spend" to indicate the action of enjoying or using time.', 'confidence': 1.995102564102638, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 606.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I am having my long holidays here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "didn\'t" should be used instead of "did n\'t" to indicate the past tense.', 'confidence': 1.9803558947820872, 'success_used': 2.777777777777777, 'success_unused': 1034.2222222222222, 'failure_used': 0.22222222222222213, 'failure_unused': 121.88888888888889, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to use lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It did n't wow me really , not like Inception anyway , because its story was n't strong or strange enough .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is only one line I did n't understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He did n't notice that I 'm also a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After left Seoul , I did n't use the on - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in this attack they could n't get any points .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "did n\'t" should be "didn\'t" to indicate the past tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "didn\'t" should be used instead of "did n\'t" to indicate "did not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "didn\'t" should be used instead of "did n\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "did n\'t" should be "didn\'t" to indicate "did not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "didn\'t" should be used instead of "did n\'t"'}, {'content': 'The contraction "did n\'t" should be "didn\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "n\'t" should be "didn\'t" to indicate the past tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "didn\'t" should be used instead of "had n\'t" to indicate "did not."'}]
[{'content': '"Since" should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 1.9784915908464646, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 287.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of the language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Since should be followed by a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "fourtunely" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "fortunately."', 'confidence': 1.9777379046795163, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 123.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "except for" to indicate exclusion.', 'confidence': 1.9773461584950445, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 77.66666666666667, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.666666666666667, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked up three solutions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Except the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "except" to indicate exclusion.'}, {'content': 'Use "except" to indicate an exclusion, not an additional reason.'}]
[{'content': '"Easy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.9719210322447873, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 184.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.333333333333332, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available Haneda airport .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's easy for me to study it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is a very simple and easy work for American , especially for me , this work is not simple one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Very easy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}, {'content': '"Simple and easy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "plausiable" instead of "plausible" and "chage" instead of "change."', 'confidence': 1.9698492462311559, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"4" should be followed by a noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.9660000000000037, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 33.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "maybe" instead of "may" to indicate a possibility.', 'confidence': 1.9659876033058121, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 220.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommorrow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"In under the punishment" should be "under punishment" to indicate the situation.', 'confidence': 1.965884409907812, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 726.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 90.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "suprised" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "surprised."', 'confidence': 1.9563820466015995, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 616.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "its" to indicate possession instead of "it."', 'confidence': 1.9553933965577897, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 112.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This morning I found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must make a good schedule which I never give up on it way to .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "its" to indicate possession by a singular noun.'}]
[{'content': '"Below" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.9544395604396385, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 630.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 76.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is the letter below .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is the below one OK ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "anymore" to indicate the absence of a requirement.', 'confidence': 1.9543333333333373, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 27.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So if we lose our employer , we ca n't have job !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was disappointed that I was not young already !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"It is natural for us" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is natural.', 'confidence': 1.9442857142857166, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is natural for us , but they think it seems strange .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.', 'confidence': 1.9442835870907424, 'success_used': 2.4285714285714284, 'success_unused': 661.8571428571429, 'failure_used': 0.42857142857142844, 'failure_unused': 72.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We ate Ikayaki and Omurice there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why my bicycle was stolen at GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Friday I went with my class and my teacher to the Botanical Garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow will be sports day of my daughter 's school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I visited Freemarket which held at park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ate a piece of toast putting butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have clothes washer in my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to the lost property in the station after work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "at" before the location of an activity to indicate the specific place.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "at" to indicate the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "at" instead of "in" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}, {'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "at" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}, {'content': 'Use "at" before the location of an activity.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "univercity" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "university."', 'confidence': 1.9430000000000285, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 238.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: today , I went univercity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "recently" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.9362963346760411, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 301.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "too much" before a non-countable noun to indicate a large amount.', 'confidence': 1.932801200300116, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 336.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wasted too much time on watching Youtube .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like science too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to wash" should be used instead of "to washing" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.922974241978245, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 237.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "wash" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': '"One of" should be followed by a plural noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.9180000000000046, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "writting" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "writing."', 'confidence': 1.9168333333334249, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 738.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 91.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I could not writting Japanese or understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's also fun to read Thai writting from a non native speaker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "writting" is misspelled.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "fell" to indicate the past tense, and "fall" to indicate the future tense.', 'confidence': 1.9140506329113935, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Exploding" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.9102384823848726, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 398.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The second solution is pension reform to control the exploding cost of old - age payouts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "quit" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.9080909090909093, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 1.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I gained about 10 kilograms after I quitted my clubs in high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "such" to indicate a high degree of something', 'confidence': 1.9071716813535138, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 268.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.333333333333336, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it is such big change in my lifetime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "such" to indicate a high degree of something.'}, {'content': 'Use "such" before an adjective to indicate a high degree of something.'}]
[{'content': '"Like" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "the dead the way" should be used to indicate the specific group being referred to.', 'confidence': 1.9004285714285793, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We do n't celebrate ancestors or dead like the way western people do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Really simple" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 1.8996969696969774, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 57.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it never means that the objects themselves are really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "old-age."', 'confidence': 1.8993703703704277, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 470.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 51.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The second solution is pension reform to control the exploding cost of old - age payouts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - And I visit Metasequoia street , Bamboo park , River forest and Bamboo museum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a space between "old" and "age" to form the compound word "old-age."'}]
[{'content': '"Like" should be used to compare nouns or pronouns, while "the way" should be used to indicate the specific group being referred to.', 'confidence': 1.8981111111111124, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of quotation marks should have a specific purpose, such as indicating a direct quotation or emphasizing a word.', 'confidence': 1.8949259259259295, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 27.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The title is `` closer `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "rather" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "any" should be used to indicate an unspecified amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 1.8902727272727313, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I rather be working outside than be a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using the phrase "by nature," it should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.887551724137932, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So decide to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "going" followed by a specific verb to indicate an action in the future.', 'confidence': 1.885535759897842, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 140.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm gon na do it next time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Going to" should be followed by a verb to indicate an action in the future.'}]
[{'content': 'Use of the infinitive form "to be" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.8842176065381055, 'success_used': 4.333333333333333, 'success_unused': 1917.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.9999999999999999, 'failure_unused': 217.99999999999997, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's been a while since I wrote diary on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm eagerly waiting for Sommer come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm able keep at it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to leave this school and to be a teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was in Seoul I used to shopping on website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I appreciate to teach English to my daughter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And also I wanted to do sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son have diarrea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use the infinitive form "to be" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to be" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'The verb "crawling" should be in the present tense to match the subject "He."', 'confidence': 1.8833673469387793, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Man" is not a proper noun and should not be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.8797575757576028, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 230.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The first Man in Rome\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Proper nouns such as "man" should not be capitalized.'}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "pursue" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.8787894736842146, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 31.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "reminds" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.8728888888888906, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This TV program reminds me of my first errand . haha .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" after "doubt" to indicate the subject of the doubt.', 'confidence': 1.8720000000000074, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 62.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "it\'s" should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.8705000000000074, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 59.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think it 's already outdated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "reseach" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "research."', 'confidence': 1.869352941176472, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 12.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: How to write a reseach proposal ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Work" should be used to indicate the action of being employed in a company.', 'confidence': 1.8638571428571515, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 74.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I words in An e - commerce company .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "until it became" instead of "until it becomes" to indicate the correct verb tense.', 'confidence': 1.8575555555555665, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 92.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Stair - fry it until it became golden brown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "official program" instead of "official language" to indicate the language being officially recognized.', 'confidence': 1.8570158730158748, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "look" to indicate the action being sought.', 'confidence': 1.8540000000000028, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have been looking for correct my English diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "By" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.8519072164948502, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "look" instead of "looks" to match the singular subject "face."', 'confidence': 1.8496363636363653, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "alone" to indicate a specific interest or involvement in something.', 'confidence': 1.8471764705882456, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 83.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "either" should be used with "or" to complete the correlative conjunction.', 'confidence': 1.8440909090909163, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 59.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have hardly played neither baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adverbs should be placed before the verb they modify to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 1.843726365635046, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was depressed strongly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was really really sensitive at work because this is a national\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "lasting" instead of "last" to indicate the duration of the job.', 'confidence': 1.8429072164948512, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 50.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"All" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.8425652173913072, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I will never understand all , of course .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "exchange" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.8421492537313573, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 120.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "whether" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 1.841851851851853, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "watched" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.840153846153847, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I watched season 2 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space between "8" and ":00" to indicate the specific time.', 'confidence': 1.8382698412698417, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "introduced" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.8360655737704918, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of my friends , yoshimi , introduced me about this website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "wonder" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.8333333333333335, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wonder I will be able to stay up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': "Possessive form: noun + 's", 'confidence': 1.8279558016509538, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 323.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The lesson 's topic was Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Children cry to turn mother 's attention to them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Asashoryu 's Retirement\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: friend 's birthday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , I can see some movements of peoples to recover from the damage now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I expect the arriving would be happen very soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son have diarrea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The possessive form "noun + \'s" should be used to indicate possession.'}]
[{'content': '"Both" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.8262727272727384, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 94.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt this was a good article for both Japanese and foreign people to understand Japan 's current situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "listening to" instead of "listen to" to indicate the action being taken.', 'confidence': 1.826013698630141, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , listen to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific moment or time period.', 'confidence': 1.8257371239163813, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 99.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He joined Exile at this moment and danced with them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Preparing in case is very important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"In" should be used before a specific moment or time period.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "beyond" to indicate a higher level than the current one.', 'confidence': 1.8233333333333455, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"To" should be used after "like" to indicate the action being requested.', 'confidence': 1.8230000000000106, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 85.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "research" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.8207234042553213, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We seldom research something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The entrance exam season\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Cool" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.817390160183212, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 1202.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 122.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is very convenient to codeless .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt dizzy and had to cool my bedroom down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think this web site is a cool idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thai\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the level of proficiency in English.', 'confidence': 1.8163333333333462, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "every day" to indicate frequency.', 'confidence': 1.8151910842233387, 'success_used': 1.6, 'success_unused': 334.4, 'failure_used': 0.2, 'failure_unused': 33.8, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Everyday starts new thinngs to try .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not simple thing to me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many assignments are given to me everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sleeping as long as I want everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "every day" to indicate frequency'}, {'content': 'Use "every day" as two separate words to indicate frequency.'}, {'content': 'Use "every day" instead of "everyday" to indicate frequency.'}, {'content': 'Use "every day" to indicate the frequency of an action.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "lies" instead of "lays" to indicate reclining.', 'confidence': 1.81172222222224, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 145.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "lies" instead of "lays" to indicate the action of reclining.'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "It \'s" should be "It\'s" to indicate "It is."', 'confidence': 1.8073472980025949, 'success_used': 2.818181818181817, 'success_unused': 1205.909090909091, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 140.63636363636357, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's impossible to grip the nuance perfectly since I 'm Japanese . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: T `` is challange time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nearlly 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know it 's thick and bitter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's nearly 10 pm when I back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In Japan , starting next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both 5th grade and 6th grade .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's might be boring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's getting dark .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's a pain to do my homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's not a joke .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum but that is not the reason .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sure it 's going to be a terrific experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's same question .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's because my mum is probably the best cook I have met in my life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think that it 's very high .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so funny really .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's easy for me to study it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: maybe he 's still its owner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` It 's true that radiation pollute people or vegetables , soil , air and sea more or less .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's two ten in the afternoon right now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum efforts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too hot in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "it \'s" should be "it\'s" to indicate "it is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "it\'s" should be used instead of "it \'s" to indicate "it is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "it\'s" should be used instead of "its" to indicate "it is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "It\'s" should be used instead of "It \'s" to indicate "It is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "it \'s" should be used instead of "it \'s" to indicate "it is."'}, {'content': 'Use of contraction: The contraction "It\'s" should be used instead of "It \'s" to indicate "It is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "it \'s" should be "it is" to indicate the present tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "It\'s" should be "It is" to indicate the present tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "It \'s" should be "it is" to indicate the present tense.'}, {'content': 'The contraction "It \'s" should be "It" to indicate the present tense.'}]
[{'content': '"Her" should be followed by a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.8071538461538506, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel like her a sister .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "expect" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.8058955223880613, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "make" instead of "give" to indicate the creation of a promise.', 'confidence': 1.8033333333333477, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 122.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "relieved" instead of "releaved" to indicate the feeling of being reassured.', 'confidence': 1.8022054794520705, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 131.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was releaved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis but I 'm still worried .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "dislikes" instead of "sucks" to indicate disapproval of the new hair style.', 'confidence': 1.7991563786008378, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 123.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are a Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very much , and that his new style is very handsome .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "can not" should be "cannot" to indicate the absence of a requirement.', 'confidence': 1.7953908456478633, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 190.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 16.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Second , many Japanese people can not speak foreign languages very well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that isn ` t postopned .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "cannot" should be "cannot" to indicate the absence of a requirement.'}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "For example" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.7911538461538523, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 50.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , I like making a schedule of one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Human" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7890000000000095, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 80.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: human relations\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "allways" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "always."', 'confidence': 1.7884971751414156, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1407.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 161.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Modal verbs do not take the infinitive "to" after them.', 'confidence': 1.78710071796947, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 479.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 70.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should to study again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to do everyting for help him as his secretary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommottow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could n't believe the method of charging .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "drink" is "drank," not "drunk."', 'confidence': 1.786983739837441, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 353.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He has been accused of puching a man while drunk recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "want" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.7795000000000036, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 29.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to ate it again someday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "very important" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.776940559440563, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , I remembered very important thing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Very important" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "year" instead of "years" to indicate the age of a person.', 'confidence': 1.7753353621424992, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 625.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 68.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I did n't feel that before several years , I did same things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "outdoor" as an adjective to describe a noun, not as a standalone adverb.', 'confidence': 1.7727326007326294, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 238.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.666666666666668, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a lot of fuss once a year outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We sat outdoor seats .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "outdoor" as an adjective and "outdoors" as an adverb to indicate the location.'}, {'content': '"Outdoor" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "Fukuoka" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.772565217391315, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 84.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If you come to Fukuoka , please let me know !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should be used after an introductory adverb such as "Finally" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.7711411042944794, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Fighnaly , Japan won the game , so `` Nadeshiko Japan `` is top team in the world ! ! I was exciting , so I ca n't sleep ; ) But I do n't regret watching soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural noun rule', 'confidence': 1.7702140006768698, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 2682.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 314.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will write details about my trip tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Next week I will go on a business trips .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There were few furnitures .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First , I can see some movements of peoples to recover from the damage now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get my new promotions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I think a birds of a feather flock together .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's only adult or childs that I can meet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The rule of using plural nouns'}]
[{'content': 'Use "then" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.7691370519899547, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 378.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I know Backpacker is always freewheeling .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then , Japanese employment will face great big difficulty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Then" to indicate a high degree of something.'}]
[{'content': 'Use the gerund form "saying" after "analysts" instead of "say"', 'confidence': 1.7670000000000115, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific time period to indicate the duration of an activity.', 'confidence': 1.7664736842105289, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 23.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to do many things for one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "do n\'t" should be used instead of "do n\'t" to indicate "do not."', 'confidence': 1.7656483516483712, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 156.33333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 19.666666666666668, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't know medical word in English very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person who might lose better things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After left Seoul , I did n't use the on - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know how to master this language well . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What if I do n't remember what I have studied because of stress and worry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "Do n\'t" should be "Don\'t" to indicate "do not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "don\'t" should be used instead of "do n\'t" to indicate the negative form of "do."'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "couldn\'t" should be used instead of "could n\'t" to indicate "could not."', 'confidence': 1.7626693323096672, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 407.0, 'failure_used': 0.25, 'failure_unused': 44.25, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But in this attack they could n't get any points .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could n't send you mail sooner .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's getting dark .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "couldn\'t" should be used instead of "n\'t" to indicate "could not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "could n\'t" should be "couldn\'t" to indicate "could not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "I couldn\'t" should be used instead of "could n\'t" to indicate "could not."'}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to cool" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the action being taken.', 'confidence': 1.7615217391304563, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 182.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt dizzy and had to cool my bedroom down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "since" followed by a specific time frame to indicate the duration of time.', 'confidence': 1.7578936170212938, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 148.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "also" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.7568368526899403, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1188.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 138.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's also fun to read Thai writting from a non native speaker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is also good at Japanese and studies ' Kanji ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Grammer was also wrong . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "goals" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.756631578947379, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 86.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of my ultimate goal as an English teacher is that all students look the world broadly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Exciting" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7549122807017774, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 182.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: His travel stories were really interesting and exciting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "morning" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.7538181818181848, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: - In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "customs," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.751102040816327, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 4.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will never forget my first time at customs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "calss" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "class."', 'confidence': 1.750694403534708, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 805.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 86.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in Korea , if we skipped the calss because of other affairs , they seemed very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All I want to know is that why they could n't come to my calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error in the use of "calss" instead of "class."'}]
[{'content': '"To write" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.750625537476794, 'success_used': 1.6666666666666667, 'success_unused': 274.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I could not writting Japanese or understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I dreamed that I found her just sitting by my side when I waked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The thing that I want to make in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here , Lang - 8 !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to do sowing of Violas but starting pots was lack , so I would go to Home Depo again tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use the infinitive form "to write" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to write" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "down" to indicate the direction of the tears.', 'confidence': 1.7495238095238161, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 56.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and the tears nearly fell from my face . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Preposition rule', 'confidence': 1.7489267899680634, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 2333.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 298.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I started keeping a diary around the 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have been here , NY for 4 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: that is probably a result of lack of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "besides" to indicate an additional reason.', 'confidence': 1.7466411657560088, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 720.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 86.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Except the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "is retiring" to indicate the current action.', 'confidence': 1.7465172413793346, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 205.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is a pity that he retires because of this boring case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "or" to indicate a choice between two options.', 'confidence': 1.746435897435914, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 140.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Please correct my sentence or grammar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of "eat" is "eaten," not "ate."', 'confidence': 1.7462094959242287, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 2693.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 356.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I ate a pizza for dinner yesterday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My son got sleep at long last .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "half" instead of "a half" to indicate a portion of something.', 'confidence': 1.7459623059867206, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 205.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The half game was score less drow , the second half was drow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "are" to indicate the existence or presence of something.', 'confidence': 1.7458167141501284, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 666.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 69.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very happy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7457278813700268, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 224.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Reading English language make me feel very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Most" should be followed by a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7454343434343653, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 179.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it seems that I hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "was saying" instead of "said" after "staff" to indicate ongoing action.', 'confidence': 1.7454329896907292, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 61.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Explaining" should be followed by a specific noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7453333333333374, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the initial and threw up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "Haneda."', 'confidence': 1.7448750000000057, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 48.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available Haneda airport .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Answer" should be followed by a specific verb to indicate the manner in which the action is performed.', 'confidence': 1.7447503586800681, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 87.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yet she always answer wrong at the same questions that I had taught several times , like negative number multiply by negative number is positive number .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm dying for time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "hvae" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "have."', 'confidence': 1.7445510204081778, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 123.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "drinks" to indicate the action of consuming beverages.', 'confidence': 1.7445294117647145, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 72.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But I enjoyed drinking party !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "cherish" should be in the present tense to match the subject "I."', 'confidence': 1.7444615384615598, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 179.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "at that moment ." as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.7441818181818263, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 71.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Japan Air Self Defense Force" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.7441111111111294, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 149.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I work for the Japan air self defense force .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "how" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.7440909090909273, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 153.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: How about my opinion ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "prohibit to go to have a job" instead of "prohibited from having a job" to indicate the restriction.', 'confidence': 1.7440769230769428, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 164.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Except" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.744000415648117, 'success_used': 1.25, 'success_unused': 192.25, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Except the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Except" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being excluded.'}, {'content': 'Except should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being excluded.'}, {'content': '"Except" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "although" instead of "althogh" to indicate contrast.', 'confidence': 1.7436437111430543, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 492.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very pretty" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7434117647059029, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 176.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "cherich" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "cherish."', 'confidence': 1.7433846153847337, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 951.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 121.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "known" instead of "knew" to indicate the past participle form of the verb "know."', 'confidence': 1.743259259259261, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Home Depot" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.7430869565217484, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 77.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday , I went to Home Depo to buy a bag of soil and a planter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Reminds" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.743019607843237, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 817.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It remind me high school festival .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It reminds and inspires me a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "PS" with a colon to indicate a postscript.', 'confidence': 1.742774436090244, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 154.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Bite" should be replaced with "bit" to indicate a small amount or degree.', 'confidence': 1.7424444444444667, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 181.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "though" to introduce a restrictive clause.', 'confidence': 1.7422632738489594, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 773.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 80.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Though today is second day of new year , I say best wishes for my friends all the same .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "drow" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "draw."', 'confidence': 1.7420088810333705, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 813.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 87.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The half game was score less drow , the second half was drow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When referring to being interested in or addicted to something, the preposition "to" should be used after the verb "hooked."', 'confidence': 1.7419893529894313, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 653.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hooked on the American dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Another people" is incorrect. The correct term is "another person" to indicate a singular individual.', 'confidence': 1.7419459459459685, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 193.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We should never kill another people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper capitalization for brand names such as "A & F."', 'confidence': 1.7417058823529437, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 21.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I visited A & F official website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "disappear" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.7416666666666805, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope the symptoms will dispear when I wake up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "passed" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.7416619718310082, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 183.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "source" should be replaced with "sauce" to refer to the condiment.', 'confidence': 1.7411518987341807, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "studies" after "he" to indicate the singular third person present tense.', 'confidence': 1.74114285714287, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I recommended that he study English or Chinese with me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very sleepy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7410735183796102, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 123.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was too tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Very tired" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': '"Very cute" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.740851851851864, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 101.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I found a very cute movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Sometime" should be "Sometimes" to indicate an unspecified time in the past.', 'confidence': 1.7406086956521785, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 40.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "supply works" without specifying what kind of works are being supplied.', 'confidence': 1.7405970149253887, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 129.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We have to spur the economy to supply works and money in the area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "in-depth."', 'confidence': 1.7405862068966163, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 535.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "synaps" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "synapse."', 'confidence': 1.7404848484848605, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 91.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a comma to separate the name when directly addressing someone in a sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7403497453311403, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 588.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 68.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He became `` the Cinderella boy `` , or the hero , overnight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: thank you everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yangyang , come on , you can do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He said He traveled around this world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma to separate the name when directly addressing someone in a sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "was willing to help me" to indicate the willingness to assist.', 'confidence': 1.7402641509434207, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 203.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "his" to indicate the possessive form before "masculine symbols" to indicate the singular possessive form.', 'confidence': 1.7402191780821994, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"How" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7401597189499396, 'success_used': 2.3333333333333335, 'success_unused': 1088.3333333333335, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 110.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: How about my opinion ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to know how does communicate with each other in foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All I want to know is that why they could n't come to my calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How to write a reseach proposal ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: How do you deal with that kind of guy in a club ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "how" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}, {'content': 'Use "How" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "since" to introduce a time-related clause with a subject and verb.', 'confidence': 1.7400724637681286, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 103.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's impossible to grip the nuance perfectly since I 'm Japanese . !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "taught" instead of "made" to indicate the action of teaching a lesson.', 'confidence': 1.7400000000000022, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 18.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday , I made an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "kingdergardan" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "kindergarten."', 'confidence': 1.7398378378378487, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 89.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was the kingdergardan level ~ ~ . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The spelling error "kingdergardan" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "kindergarten."'}]
[{'content': '"Shocked" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify. Possessive nouns are formed by adding \'s to the end of a singular noun or the end of a plural noun that does not end in s.', 'confidence': 1.739792452830205, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 132.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was really shocked by the death of Stephen Gately .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "can-do."', 'confidence': 1.739692307692326, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 148.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Doing" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7395238095238172, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 61.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Doing for relaxation\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Fitness" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "fitness."', 'confidence': 1.7394615384615604, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 187.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Basaballgame" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Baseball game."', 'confidence': 1.7389935674082415, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 329.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Basaballgame\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Basaballgame" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Baseball game."'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am." The contraction "it\'s" should be used instead of "it \'s" to indicate "it is."', 'confidence': 1.7389465449805193, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 615.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 69.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 've made some English classes , actually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wish it 'll be sunny . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "twenty."', 'confidence': 1.738935483870968, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am twenty - three years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Lovely" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.738884667121991, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 292.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What bitter !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It was a little happy day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was so lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Lovely should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': '"Tomorrow" should not be followed by a period.', 'confidence': 1.7385825242718713, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 224.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "According" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.7382500000000047, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Acording to this , taking a nap is not good for digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Japanes" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Japanese."', 'confidence': 1.7382307692307726, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 29.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Staff" is a plural noun and should be followed by a plural verb form.', 'confidence': 1.737846153846172, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 150.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "quarrel" is "quarreled."', 'confidence': 1.7377368421052806, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 137.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I quarrelled with my wife over a trivial matter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Help" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7374827586207338, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 371.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My English could not help me\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm going to do everyting for help him as his secretary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Next" instead of "On next" to indicate the specific day of the week.', 'confidence': 1.7373239436619885, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 136.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "logically unsound" to indicate that the English was not logically sound.', 'confidence': 1.7372592592592617, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 20.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Reading" should be followed by a plural noun to indicate the action of reading a specific item.', 'confidence': 1.7371428571428704, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 111.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: reading diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Tuition" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7370000000000014, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: tuition\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When referring to being interested in or addicted to something, the preposition "to" should be used after the verb "into."', 'confidence': 1.736945945945969, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 188.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm really into this song recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Grammar rule: Use "today" without the preposition "of" to indicate the current day.', 'confidence': 1.736733552362511, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 1779.25, 'failure_used': 0.75, 'failure_unused': 213.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I went to school , today also there were only a few students in the classroom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I quarrelled with my wife over a trivial matter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After lunch of today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , it was really cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He has been accused of puching a man while drunk recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I have started lang - 8 today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I was uncomfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: [ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today My worklord were so many .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I was very free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From the Wall Street Journal today , I found an interesting article about the future plan of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "today" without the preposition "of" to indicate the current day.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "today" without the preposition "of" to indicate the current day.'}, {'content': '"Today" should be used without the preposition "of" to indicate the current day.'}]
[{'content': 'A closing parenthesis should not be used without an opening parenthesis.', 'confidence': 1.7367058823529442, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and many others )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "into" to indicate a specific interest or involvement in something.', 'confidence': 1.7366233766234362, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 500.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles 's `` Hit the Road Jack `` song recentry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space instead of a hyphen between "twenty" and "three" to indicate the age.', 'confidence': 1.736483870967764, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 178.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am twenty - three years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "let\'s" should be used instead of "lets" to indicate "let us."', 'confidence': 1.736283660174875, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 284.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "let\'s" instead of "lets" to indicate "let us."'}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to lower" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the action being taken.', 'confidence': 1.7362131147541238, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 204.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The first solution is to lower corporate and personal taxes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Jpanese" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Japanese."', 'confidence': 1.736028151972281, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 272.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Jpanese energy policy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Capitalize proper nouns, including the names of languages, when referring to them.', 'confidence': 1.7360000000000015, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Recent" should be followed by a specific noun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 1.7359354838709684, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Recent TV game is amazing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"But" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun. Emoticons should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 1.735925925925947, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 174.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Er . . . but how to start ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "surprised" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.7354262295082186, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 179.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was surprized at finding my health condition from my foot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Proper spelling and punctuation should be used for the word "surprised."'}]
[{'content': 'The word "introduce" already implies providing information about something or someone, so the use of "myself" is redundant and unnecessary.', 'confidence': 1.7353333333333443, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 88.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Let me introduce myself\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "sometimes" to indicate frequency, not as a standalone word at the end of a sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7350004822603324, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 233.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The word "sometimes" should be used to indicate frequency, not as a standalone word at the end of a sentence.'}, {'content': 'Use "sometimes" to indicate frequency.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "after" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.7349767441860655, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 157.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "intermediate" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "intermediate."', 'confidence': 1.73455555555558, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 202.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Right" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7344838709677641, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 178.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Are the sentences above right ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space between "web" and "site" to form the compound word "website."', 'confidence': 1.734368421052655, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 188.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think this web site is a cool idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" before a singular countable noun to indicate possession or relationship.', 'confidence': 1.7343673469387957, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 166.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We just have simple ideas about complex objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "see" to indicate a broader understanding of the world.', 'confidence': 1.7343157894737935, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 891.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 101.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of my ultimate goal as an English teacher is that all students look the world broadly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: The contraction for "did not" is "didn\'t"', 'confidence': 1.734228910200376, 'success_used': 2.6666666666666665, 'success_unused': 1413.0000000000002, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 179.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to fight against him , but he did n't show up .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He did n't notice that I 'm also a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to take Japanese class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but I did know my eyes were wet . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction for "did not" is "didn\'t"'}, {'content': 'The contraction "did not" is "didn\'t"'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "rainning" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "raining."', 'confidence': 1.7340000000000293, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 243.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: it is rainning today ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of a comma splice.', 'confidence': 1.7339523809523971, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 134.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"nearest" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7336153846154012, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 134.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oshima is a small island nearest to Tokyo in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Maybe" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7334848484848613, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 103.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Unnecessary quotation marks should be removed from "nuclear power plant" and "we should not use nuclear power plant."', 'confidence': 1.733478873239438, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Many people claim that `` we should not use nuclear power plant ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When indicating an approximate time period, the article "the" should not be used before the year.', 'confidence': 1.73344186046512, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I started keeping a diary around the 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.7333157894737057, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 170.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mayer is cheering Hamada minister of defence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Suspected" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.7332784473356528, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 1121.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 128.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I suspected that way .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He has been accused of puching a man while drunk recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "alchole" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "alcohol."', 'confidence': 1.73300000000012, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 980.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 107.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of them is drinking alchole outside , because most countries do n't seem to be allowed to drink .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "decided" should be in the past tense to match the timing of the action being described.', 'confidence': 1.7327142857143025, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 135.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Near" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 1.732523809523818, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 72.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Relax" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.732523809523818, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 65.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "never" to indicate the absence of a previous condition.', 'confidence': 1.7323333333333555, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 189.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb such as "someday."', 'confidence': 1.7320317460317476, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If I speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "making" after "be" to indicate the action of creating a strategy or course of action.', 'confidence': 1.7320000000000162, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 137.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I might be make a mistake when corrected English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Efforts" should be replaced with "effort" to indicate a singular, specific action.', 'confidence': 1.731878048780496, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 66.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum efforts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "hang" is "hung."', 'confidence': 1.7318378378378494, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after "Thursday" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.7317777777777827, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 44.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thursday October 22nd 2009\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "other" instead of "another" to indicate a different set of things.', 'confidence': 1.7317528089887713, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "enroll" instead of "enrol" to indicate the action of registering for a course', 'confidence': 1.7317188940092167, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 1.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "thinks" instead of "think" to agree with the singular subject "Derek Jeter."', 'confidence': 1.7312345679012533, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 154.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Not bad" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7310000000000185, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 157.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It sounded not bad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Same" should be followed by "as" to indicate a comparison.', 'confidence': 1.7307179487179727, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 189.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "help" followed by "to" + base form of the verb to indicate the action being undertaken.', 'confidence': 1.7306101694915328, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 61.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And realized how language could help you know more people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "such as" to introduce specific examples without unnecessary repetition.', 'confidence': 1.7304615384615447, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 55.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "fittness" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "fitness."', 'confidence': 1.7300292766934757, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 164.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The use of "fittness" is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "fitness."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "most other" instead of "most of other" to indicate a comparison.', 'confidence': 1.7298888888889064, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 145.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The taxes in Japan are relatively higher than those in most of other developed countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "keep" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.7294857549858065, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 419.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I regretted to keep putting him down for 3 hours during the day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to keep" should be used instead of "keep" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "kindly" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.729264150943422, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 203.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The" should be used before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 1.7291538461538591, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 106.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will move to city this Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "quitted" instead of "quit"', 'confidence': 1.729090909090929, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 166.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I gained about 10 kilograms after I quitted my clubs in high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "somewhere" to indicate a specific location, followed by "someday" to indicate a specific time.', 'confidence': 1.728972972973, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 216.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We are looking forward to seeing you and your children someday somewhere .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "as" to indicate a specific example or comparison.', 'confidence': 1.72834328358209, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "set" instead of "seat" to indicate a collection of starting pots.', 'confidence': 1.7281538461538593, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 110.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "caught" instead of "cought" to indicate the past tense of catching a cold.', 'confidence': 1.728068965517256, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 119.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think I cought a cold : - (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "who" to refer to people, not "which."', 'confidence': 1.7278955223880699, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 85.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Chinese" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.7278378378378498, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "call" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7268856412130096, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Explaned" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "explained."', 'confidence': 1.7268045977012334, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 697.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 67.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is just the execuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "five-year-old."', 'confidence': 1.7263333333333453, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 101.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The first movie I watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Mainly" should be followed by a verb to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7262727272727494, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 183.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The current pension system was mainly created in 1985 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Different" should be used instead of "differents" to indicate a different set of things.', 'confidence': 1.72613043478261, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 12.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction for "can not" to "can\'t"', 'confidence': 1.7261022909839776, 'success_used': 2.25, 'success_unused': 879.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 108.25, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Ca n't I say `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I ca n't help it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It ca n't be told by simple words .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But they ca n't eat food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Well , it can not satisfied me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction for "can not" to "cannot"'}, {'content': 'Use "can\'t" for the contraction of "cannot"'}, {'content': 'Rule: Contraction of "can not" to "can\'t"'}]
[{'content': '"Shift" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being changed.', 'confidence': 1.7260259740260013, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 222.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had to shft to better one , more fruitful one , even obeying that inertia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very disappointing" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.7260000000000026, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was shocked at their disappointing work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "Also" should be used to indicate something in addition to something else.', 'confidence': 1.7249562657695814, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 447.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Moreover Tokyo is a very crowded city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I also hope to improve my poor English ability this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: this is also very valuable for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And my cousins are fine also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Also" should be used to indicate something in addition to something else.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" instead of "for" to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 1.7244736842105335, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to do many things for one day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "whether" to indicate a choice or possibility.', 'confidence': 1.723851851851866, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 117.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "very soon" as a standalone adverb without a specific noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7232985074627105, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 196.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Small" should be used instead of "smoll" to indicate a low degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.7231304347826104, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the relationship between a quantity and the noun being referred to.', 'confidence': 1.7198361215012126, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 490.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 60.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought there were about a hundred thousand people at the grounds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A New Hair Style of the Wang\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"of" to indicate the relationship between a quantity and the noun being referred to.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "overweight" as a single word to indicate a high degree of weight.', 'confidence': 1.719333333333346, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 105.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What might be some of the causes of over - weight or obesity in the US ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"study" should be "studies" to indicate the general concept of academic work.', 'confidence': 1.7192123893805347, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "organized" instead of "organised" to indicate the correct spelling.', 'confidence': 1.7184901960784322, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 7.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "supportive" instead of "in a supporting" to indicate the correct adjective form.', 'confidence': 1.7184901960784322, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "sometimes."', 'confidence': 1.7179767441860674, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 171.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "rewrite" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7174042553191495, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: ( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using a gerund as a standalone word, it should be followed by a subject and a verb to complete the sentence.', 'confidence': 1.7173333333333352, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Electioneering\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "seems" should be "seemed" to indicate the past tense.', 'confidence': 1.7172123893805349, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "became" instead of "become" to indicate an action that occurred in the past.', 'confidence': 1.7164358974359173, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 162.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I become a member of lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Simplification" should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 1.7143333333333355, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Simplification\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "realize" should be "realizing" to maintain parallel structure.', 'confidence': 1.7132396694215029, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"We" should be used instead of "us" to indicate the subject of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.7127058823529469, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 49.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it 's common for we Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"no meaning" should be "meaningless" to match the noun "boring."', 'confidence': 1.7122123893805354, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 37.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "students" instead of "student" to indicate multiple individuals.', 'confidence': 1.7111940298507518, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 46.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I and she became friend when we were junior high school student .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "starting point" instead of "start point" to indicate the beginning of something.', 'confidence': 1.7087619047619262, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 181.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: A good review is the best start point .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma before and after a direct quotation.', 'confidence': 1.7081666666666995, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 270.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A teacher asked it `` why `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 1.7081146927694888, 'success_used': 1.6, 'success_unused': 255.2, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.6, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wasted too much time on watching Youtube .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Please lend me a pen to write ( with / on ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese food is available every corner in Thailand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope you make many friends of the lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "on" before a specific location to indicate the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "on" before the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "on" before a specific location to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}, {'content': 'When indicating the location of an activity, the preposition "on" is used to show where something is located.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "sentenses" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "sentences."', 'confidence': 1.7070434782608923, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: to read some sentenses is stimurate my Brain ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "help" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.706677419354839, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And realized how language could help you know more people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "actually" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.7031816078658824, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 514.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 66.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I keep watching it these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , who let me know about Lang - 8 was him .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example , the customer or the documents from U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "actually" in this context is not necessary and can be omitted for clarity.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "tought" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "taught."', 'confidence': 1.7030000000000471, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 386.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Steeven tought me today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error in the use of "tought" instead of "taught."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "different" to indicate a comparison between two groups or entities.', 'confidence': 1.7029090909091116, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 170.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tanzanian students are differ from Korean students .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Change" should be used in place of "chage"', 'confidence': 1.7019497487437614, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 352.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My NY life is getting change .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Oh" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.7015464422478057, 'success_used': 1.9999999999999998, 'success_unused': 555.6666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 76.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oh god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , I remembered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , how wanderful the college life is !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh , My God !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Use a comma after an interjection such as "Oh" when expressing strong emotion.'}, {'content': 'The use of a comma after an interjection such as "Oh" when expressing strong emotion.'}]
[{'content': '"First" should be pluralized when referring to multiple instances.', 'confidence': 1.7009941520467868, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Was" should be followed by a preposition "in" to indicate membership in an organization.', 'confidence': 1.7009182247654646, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 94.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "was" should be followed by a preposition "in" to indicate membership in an organization.'}]
[{'content': '"Very bad" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.7005126050420256, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 74.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "stick" is "stuck," not "stucked."', 'confidence': 1.6988571428572468, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 855.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He would almost be stucked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "afterquake" instead of "aftershock" to indicate a seismic event following an earthquake.', 'confidence': 1.6987368421052849, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 176.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very stressful" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6970000000000112, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 94.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am very stressful ~ now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "lose weight" to indicate the action of losing body mass.', 'confidence': 1.6962272727272811, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 70.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's why I have to lose my weight ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Lose my weight" should be replaced with "lose weight" to indicate the action of losing body mass.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "if" to introduce a condition, and "to" before the base form of the verb to indicate purpose.', 'confidence': 1.6960317460317516, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 48.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If I speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the starting point of a time period.', 'confidence': 1.6960000000000004, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 4.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "had read" instead of "have read" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.6951518987341858, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'No errors found', 'confidence': 1.6950207040797691, 'success_used': 9.0, 'success_unused': 2220.0, 'failure_used': 9.0, 'failure_unused': 290.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We ate Ikayaki and Omurice there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sixth period was math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As you may know , Japan has the second lowest birthrate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yangyang , come on , you can do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe she can sing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are ready to go out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: General roles for the timing to make money in the Tokyo stock exchange\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was born and grew up in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It will be very cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: sensitivity\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last month I rode a Sanyo Shinkansen train .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I miss my family and relatives who live in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thai\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I studied applied physics and electronics at a university in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to a gym last night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I enjoyed playing table tennis .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Three days" should be hyphenated to form a compound adjective.', 'confidence': 1.6949696969696972, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We have three days holiday , so I spend these days on playing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "promotion" instead of "promotions" to indicate a single advancement in position or rank.', 'confidence': 1.6942177419354931, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 76.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope to get my new promotions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "promotion" instead of "promotions" to indicate a single instance of a job advancement.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "excuse" is misspelled as "execuse."', 'confidence': 1.6941538461538825, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 300.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: this is just the execuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "execuse" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "excuse."'}]
[{'content': 'When indicating a specific date, a determiner should be used before the date to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6941428571428752, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 151.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: 23rd October .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The adjective "old" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6940909090909329, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 198.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She is my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Changing planes" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6940779220779472, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 207.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "moved to tears" to match the past tense of "was."', 'confidence': 1.6939677419355035, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 159.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He moved to tears when he won .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Millenium Objetives" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Millennium Objectives."', 'confidence': 1.6937817258883496, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 208.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "physically" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.6923969499891034, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1093.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 137.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Kyushe is a part of the Japanese Archipelago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sumo champion , called yokozuna , is required to be strong not only phisically , but also spiritually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday was a buzy day , but very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "physically" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "physically."'}]
[{'content': '"Peoples" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.6920952380952432, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: First , I can see some movements of peoples to recover from the damage now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Seems" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6917924528302102, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 180.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: People seems to have particular own sounds of steps .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Aha" when expressing excitement or realization.', 'confidence': 1.6917872340425684, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 127.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "meets" should be used as a verb, not a noun.', 'confidence': 1.6915862068965666, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Postgrade" should be replaced with "postgraduate" to indicate advanced studies.', 'confidence': 1.6915002237036434, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 48.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "postgraduate" instead of "postgrade" to indicate a higher level of education'}]
[{'content': 'Use "gonna" as a contraction for "going to" to indicate future actions.', 'confidence': 1.6910631808279064, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 156.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanna have the six - pack ! ! haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "compared to" instead of "as compared with" to indicate a comparison.', 'confidence': 1.6899328257950006, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 871.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , the temperature got down as compared with yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Comparing with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "noticed it" to indicate the specific action being observed.', 'confidence': 1.6897878787878997, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 169.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I noticed it because he coughed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "liberary" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "library."', 'confidence': 1.6891818181819644, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1206.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 123.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I fall in love with the liberary in our school ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "wants" instead of "want" to match the subject "he."', 'confidence': 1.6891818181818323, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 118.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because he still want to play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "answers incorrectly" to match the subject "she."', 'confidence': 1.6891219512195128, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yet she always answer wrong at the same questions that I had taught several times , like negative number multiply by negative number is positive number .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "my" before "travel" to specify possession.', 'confidence': 1.687960784313749, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 191.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory phrase such as "For example."', 'confidence': 1.6877245564893237, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 502.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , there are my boss , my superiors and my juniors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'In English, proper nouns such as specific teams should be preceded by the definite article "the."', 'confidence': 1.6877058823529496, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 73.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Then" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6877037037037055, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then when I went to Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "nearly" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "nearly."', 'confidence': 1.687523809523823, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 109.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's nearlly 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to come" should be used instead of "come" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.687158536585384, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 149.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm eagerly waiting for Sommer come .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to come" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the action being taken.'}]
[{'content': 'Pronouns should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 1.687153846153874, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 237.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: kinda lucky but not for me . being bored sucks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "as representing" instead of "as representative of" to indicate the comments as a representation of the average intellectual level of the viewer.', 'confidence': 1.6861428571428898, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 271.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't want to regard these comments as representing the average intellectual level of the viewer as a whole .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "both ways" to indicate a comparison.', 'confidence': 1.6861276595744699, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 12.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Both way have its merits and disadvantages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to teach" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the action being taken.', 'confidence': 1.6860000000000037, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 33.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I appreciate to teach English to my daughter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "singing" instead of "singing songs" to indicate the action of singing.', 'confidence': 1.6857619047619288, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 204.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do you like singing songs ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "clubing" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "clubbing."', 'confidence': 1.6850256410257463, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 867.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 89.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What I found through clubing as a girl is some guys are so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Japanese" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.6849338535860903, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 526.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I met a Japanese Backpacker When I was in KL .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "lang-8."', 'confidence': 1.684686429512531, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 137.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 9.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the new in the lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "Lang-8."'}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "go" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 1.6846521739130447, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 10.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am still go to the place and try my luck .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Rather high" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.6844516129032392, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 106.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: it was rather high building .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to accept" should be used instead of "accepting" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.6836666666666757, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 79.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "postopned" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "postponed."', 'confidence': 1.6835714285714556, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 219.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But that isn ` t postopned .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"According to" should be followed by a noun to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 1.6833333333333609, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 229.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe and we can make money by trading Tokyo stocks according to the following roles :\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of "stick" is "stuck," not "stucked."', 'confidence': 1.6832857142857178, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He would almost be stucked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of "know" is "known," not "knew."', 'confidence': 1.6832592592592677, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 71.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the direction of an action.', 'confidence': 1.6832105263158144, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 203.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6831304347826148, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 50.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Oh" when addressing someone.', 'confidence': 1.6820000000000295, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 242.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oh , how wanderful the college life is !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"More disappointing thing" should be followed by a specific noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6819432624113482, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "reminds" to indicate a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.681783783783795, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It reminds and inspires me a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of a comma after an interjection such as "Actually" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.6816315789473928, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 194.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example , the customer or the documents from U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Actually I keep watching it these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "super-flu."', 'confidence': 1.6813508771930055, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 189.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: super - flu\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "super flu."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" before a specific noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6810000000000076, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 62.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am very surprised to her progress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "felt" instead of "was" to indicate the action of experiencing a feeling.', 'confidence': 1.6808496732026375, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 197.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I felt fulfillment !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" to indicate a general topic or subject, and use "of" to indicate the specific content or subject matter.', 'confidence': 1.6806666666666872, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 165.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We are the champions in Asia !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the recipient of gratitude.', 'confidence': 1.6806551724137941, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thank you ( The letter to my daughter 's English teacher )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "very early" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.680652173913045, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: the time from bloom to falling is very early .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'It is important to use "to help me" to indicate the specific action being taken by the friends.', 'confidence': 1.6800283999076633, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 169.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I want to find some friends on this web site to offer me some help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "club" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.6798717948718076, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 104.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What I found through clubing as a girl is some guys are so disgusting ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Japanese skill" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.679352941176493, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 190.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He wants to learn Japanese skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "feel" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6791111111111148, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 29.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "awoken" as the past participle form of the verb "awake."', 'confidence': 1.6789459459459755, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 243.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was woken up by my daughter today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "excited" instead of "exited" to indicate leaving or departing from the show.', 'confidence': 1.678942528735719, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 700.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 86.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We excited the show !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "sowing" to indicate the action of planting seeds.', 'confidence': 1.6781408450704238, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And also I wanted to do sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the location of taking something.', 'confidence': 1.6780247344221055, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 276.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You know , you can take them at slot machine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to book" should be used instead of "book" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.678000000000008, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 64.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We need book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy help us to move the baggage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Handicrafts" should be followed by a specific noun to indicate what is being crafted.', 'confidence': 1.6761666666666726, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 50.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific month should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.675972397365868, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 222.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I ordered some clothes and they are going to ship on FEB .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Election will be done Augst 30 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: December\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Capitalize proper nouns, including the names of months, when referring to them.'}]
[{'content': '"Strongest" is a comparative adjective and does not need "most" before it.', 'confidence': 1.674371742980031, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 133.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is one of the most strongest Sumo wrestler in the Sumo history .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "most strongest" as it should be "strongest."'}]
[{'content': 'Use an apostrophe after the plural noun "parents" to indicate possession.', 'confidence': 1.674132075471732, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 279.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am just writing about the parents ' attitude when their children complain about chronic abdominal pain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very glad" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.673714285714298, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was very glad to find they liked the lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "why" to introduce a reason, and "for" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.673034482758649, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 237.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is the reason why I created an account on this site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "gon na" should be "going to" to indicate the future tense.', 'confidence': 1.6727314165498033, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 111.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm gon na dance in the rain , yes , that 's what I 'm going to do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm gon na do it next time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "gon na" should be used instead of "gon na" to indicate "going to."'}]
[{'content': '"Very valuable" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6727058823529513, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 80.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: this is also very valuable for me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "level" after "grammar" to indicate the proficiency or standard of the grammar.', 'confidence': 1.6725555555555869, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 260.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "finishing" after "after" to indicate the action that occurs before lying down.', 'confidence': 1.6723333333333372, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I used to lie down on the sofa after finishing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Cool" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6717368421052878, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 197.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think this web site is a cool idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "had" instead of "took" to indicate the action of receiving a medical test.', 'confidence': 1.6707777777777895, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I went to the hospital and took an ECG .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "think" instead of "thinks" and "is" instead of "seems" to indicate a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 1.6702857142857468, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 269.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is natural for us , but they think it seems strange .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "whenver" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "whenever."', 'confidence': 1.6700000000000226, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 183.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Nearlly" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "nearly."', 'confidence': 1.6687619047619253, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 166.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's nearlly 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "nearlly" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "nearly."'}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "month-old."', 'confidence': 1.6686666666666707, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My eleven months old son could stand by himself for the first time today !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form of the verb to indicate the passage of time is "pass," not "past."', 'confidence': 1.6679047619047722, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 89.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel the time past faster than usual .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "does" with the base form of the verb to form a question in the present tense.', 'confidence': 1.667105263157898, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 72.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to know how does communicate with each other in foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where does he stands ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Berklee" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.6666666666666667, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll enter the Berklee in the fall semester this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space between "super" and "express" to form the compound word "super express."', 'confidence': 1.6663333333333656, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 265.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It takes one hour from the airport to central Tokyo even if you take an expensive superexpress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "seems" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 1.6662123893805405, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 73.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "what" to indicate a general topic or subject.', 'confidence': 1.6657179487179798, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 256.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "crowling" instead of "crawling" to indicate the action of moving on hands and knees.', 'confidence': 1.6651538461538662, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 162.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "some" before a plural countable noun.', 'confidence': 1.6648466754408642, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 318.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If I speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are some of causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "starting" to indicate the beginning of an activity, and "online" as a compound adjective to describe the type of shopping.', 'confidence': 1.6645799373041106, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 294.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He started to cry hard after that , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Starting on - line shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Particularly" to indicate a specific aspect or detail within a larger context.', 'confidence': 1.6644838709677718, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 244.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Particularly I want to know which verb is incorrect in ( b ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "getting off track" instead of "getting off the track" to indicate a deviation from the intended path.', 'confidence': 1.6642452830188696, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of the verb "choose" is "chosen"', 'confidence': 1.6637198558323032, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 497.24999999999994, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , after he was chose consul by the romans , he went to Afrika where he fought againt Yugurta who was king of Numidia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "chosen" instead of "chose" to indicate the past participle form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'Use "chosen" as the past participle of the verb "choose."'}, {'content': 'The past participle form of "choose" is "chosen," not "chose."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "nearest to" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific day.', 'confidence': 1.663615384615409, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 201.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oshima is a small island nearest to Tokyo in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "make" instead of "get" to indicate the action of creating friendships.', 'confidence': 1.6635238095238256, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 132.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to get friends here and have my compositions corrected .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Experienced" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6617878787879028, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 195.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is experienced backpacker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "against" to indicate the direction of competition.', 'confidence': 1.6607951807228958, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "supermaket" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "supermarket."', 'confidence': 1.6598102189781283, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 220.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Five days ago" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.659795180722896, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "research" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.6595757575757684, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 94.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: How to write a reseach proposal ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "children" instead of "childs" to indicate the plural form of "child."', 'confidence': 1.6588888888888922, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's only adult or childs that I can meet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "middle-aged" as a compound adjective before a noun.', 'confidence': 1.6588888888888922, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Even midleage man was better than me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Thank you" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.658743271221606, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 606.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: thank you everyone !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Uhh , it 's raining !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yes , it is my boss 's one .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "British" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.6586131386861545, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 180.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a british woman writter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the location of a place within a larger area.', 'confidence': 1.6585723905724161, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 205.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tomorrow will be sports day of my daughter 's school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We met night club in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "at" instead of "of" to indicate the location of a place within a larger area.'}]
[{'content': 'Use double quotation marks for titles.', 'confidence': 1.6582745098039247, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is also good at Japanese and studies ' Kanji ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of "wake" is "awoken," not "woken."', 'confidence': 1.658243390347392, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 757.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The daughter was woken up by my wife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The wife was woken up by my stertor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was woken up by my daughter today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The past tense of the verb "wake" is "woke" and the past participle is "awoken."'}]
[{'content': '"Wonder" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.658000000000024, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 199.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wonder I will be able to stay up tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "talk" should be in the past tense to match the timing of the action being described.', 'confidence': 1.6578461538461644, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "neighbors" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.657491803278701, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 105.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.6572857142857207, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 52.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm dying for time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "won\'t" should be used instead of "wo n\'t" to indicate "will not."', 'confidence': 1.6571856082239127, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 337.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope I wo n't get cold . : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Scream" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6565757575757687, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Too terrible" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6564186046511646, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 17.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However it was too terrible to live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "wake" is "woke," and it should be followed by the preposition "up" to indicate the action of waking from sleep.', 'confidence': 1.656181818181836, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 151.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I dreamed that I found her just sitting by my side when I waked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "furthermore" to indicate an additional point.', 'confidence': 1.6557951807228963, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "using" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6556478873239566, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 107.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On the other hand , I think I spend too many hours to use a computer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "took" to indicate the action of touring a city', 'confidence': 1.655285714285721, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 52.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today I had a tour of this city by bike .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'This is a rule of avoiding redundant words or phrases in a sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6552822487486174, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 507.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He joined Exile at this moment and danced with them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was disappointed that I was not young already !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "a lot of" to indicate a large quantity.', 'confidence': 1.6552341449585957, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 143.0, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 18.333333333333332, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So there are a lot to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes much money to go see my parents from here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "a lot of" to indicate a large amount of something.'}, {'content': '"Use \'a lot of\' to indicate a large quantity."'}]
[{'content': '"Impressed" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.655086956521758, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 155.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am impressed my life at there very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 1.6543333333333488, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 126.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We should note something what we need .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: About my friend in Oshima\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"After" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 1.653675675675678, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 18.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I play basketball after school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Something sports" should be replaced with "a sport" to indicate a specific activity.', 'confidence': 1.653385964912292, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 95.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to play something sports ! Thank you very much : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Something sports" should be replaced with "something sporty" to indicate the type of activity being played.'}]
[{'content': '"Swearing" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.652945945945978, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 272.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I found that those who swearing or explaining are not only simplifying the matter too much , but also tending to neglect what is really not simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The verb "swearing" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.6525396825396859, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "is" to indicate a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 1.6502105263157931, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But I did n't know she is an actress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "has been" to indicate continuous action.', 'confidence': 1.6499459459459787, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 268.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Feel relax" should not be used as a standalone verb without a specific noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.649317073170738, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 51.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"stimurate" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "stimulates."', 'confidence': 1.6486086956521886, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 120.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: to read some sentenses is stimurate my Brain ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "stimurate" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "stimulate."'}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "check" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.64670370370371, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 53.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like checking SNS sites .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in the garden" to indicate the location of the blooming flowers.', 'confidence': 1.646536585365855, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 10.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Beautiful flowers bloomed in the sky !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Joke" should not be used as a standalone verb.', 'confidence': 1.6463076923076974, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I joke name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "boarden" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "broaden."', 'confidence': 1.645619834710764, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 165.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Boarden" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "broaden."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the effect of self-control on writing.', 'confidence': 1.6446666666666692, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 20.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Please lend me a pen to write ( with / on ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Tired" should be followed by a preposition and a specific body part to indicate the location of the feeling.', 'confidence': 1.6436666666666693, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 22.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I felt tired my eyes and butt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "do" before a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6435365853658552, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , dou you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "write" instead of "writting" to indicate the action of writing.', 'confidence': 1.642888888888894, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 40.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I could not writting Japanese or understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" to indicate a specific interest or involvement in something.', 'confidence': 1.6426666666666694, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 22.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "quit" is "quit," not "quitted."', 'confidence': 1.6402309282079346, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 198.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.666666666666668, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I gained about 10 kilograms after I quitted my clubs in high school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The past tense of the verb "quit" is "quit," not "quitted."'}, {'content': '"Quitted" should be replaced with "quit" to indicate the past tense.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "everywhere" to indicate a general location.', 'confidence': 1.639490196078441, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 79.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I carry it anywhere , and show it to my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "excuse" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.6393076923076981, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 47.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: this is just the execuse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Raised" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.638789473684241, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 256.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Mom stared at him and raised me up to show him : D That 's my first memory about this country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "once again" to indicate repetition or reconsideration', 'confidence': 1.6384056391942683, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 412.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But you should think once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "once again" to indicate repetition or reconsideration.'}]
[{'content': '"Who" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6382307692307836, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 124.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error with "recomends." The correct spelling is "recommends."', 'confidence': 1.63766666666667, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It recomends us that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "learning" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6374651162790943, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 199.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I learning english in the University .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Enjoy" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.637285714285723, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 70.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Enjoy !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the platform or website where the friends are being made.', 'confidence': 1.63717391304348, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope you make many friends of the lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "After" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.6370588235294128, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "buzy" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "busy."', 'confidence': 1.6358877551020776, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 300.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday was a buzy day , but very happy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "Buzy" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "busy."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "supposed to be repaired" instead of "supposed to get repaired" to indicate the passive voice.', 'confidence': 1.6357096774193551, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "every day" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.6349230769231036, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 219.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Familiar" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.634571428571461, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 259.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am not familiar with the sport , but I know his name .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "20st century boy" instead of "20th century boy" to indicate the correct ordinal number.', 'confidence': 1.6341481481481497, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "ta" should be "to" to indicate the action of getting the intercom.', 'confidence': 1.6339259259259582, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 262.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I got ta get the intercom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory phrase such as "Please."', 'confidence': 1.6331818181818385, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 155.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Please give me power !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "you know" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.6331428571428819, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 202.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "months" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.63310204081634, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 112.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "2years" instead of "2 years" to follow the correct format for expressing a duration of time.', 'confidence': 1.6328208955224104, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 183.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Roman" and "Caius Marius" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.6323376623376658, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Wearing" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6320434782609006, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 264.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was really wearing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Anymore" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6317777777777938, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 132.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: anymore .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "real" to indicate the high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.6310000000000295, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 244.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after "today" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.6303809523809878, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 286.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I went to school , today also there were only a few students in the classroom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "got" instead of "had" to indicate the onset of a headache.', 'confidence': 1.6301724137931062, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On the way I had a headache .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "good effect" should be "a good effect" to indicate a singular noun.', 'confidence': 1.629183673469424, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 301.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "has" instead of "have" to match the singular subject "It."', 'confidence': 1.6290256410256423, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 12.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "Millennium Objectives" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.6289340101523173, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 271.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "made for" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.628043478260901, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 252.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Jason Statham recited a piece of poetry that made it a funny ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "lead" is "led."', 'confidence': 1.6280270270270711, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 354.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And he lead the dance at this music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very long" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.627333333333345, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 95.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The river is very long , I ca n't see the limit , and the water is peaceful .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using the phrase "electioneering," it should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6263333333333452, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Electioneering\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "particularly" after the subject to indicate a specific emphasis or focus.', 'confidence': 1.62615053763445, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 345.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Especially I like His stories in Thailand and India .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Particularly I want to know which verb is incorrect in ( b ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When referring to a duration of time, the preposition "up to" should be used instead of "until."', 'confidence': 1.6257500000000102, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 82.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But two hours later I found I had been sleeping until that time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The adjective "bother" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6253673469388077, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 272.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Nothing bothers me , I can be absorbed in books .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "okay" at the beginning of a sentence is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.6253209876543242, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: okay right now I want to know what is the best way to learn the English accents ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "bed" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "bad."', 'confidence': 1.6250000000000138, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to see" should be used instead of "to see" to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 1.6242297297297414, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 95.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm looking forward to see them !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to see" should be used instead of "see" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': '"Japanese" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.624117647058856, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 269.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "ensure" instead of "ensure of" to indicate the action of making certain.', 'confidence': 1.6233684210526673, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 290.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "shft" instead of "shift."', 'confidence': 1.6227179487179846, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 295.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had to shft to better one , more fruitful one , even obeying that inertia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.6224883720930596, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 299.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was shocked at their disappointing work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "maybe" instead of "maybe is" to indicate uncertainty.', 'confidence': 1.6220000000000196, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 162.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" before a specific location to indicate obstruction or blockage.', 'confidence': 1.6210000000000142, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 123.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am very surprised to her progress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "UN" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.6209340101523182, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 280.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "English" without capitalization to indicate the specific language.', 'confidence': 1.6208936170213089, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 269.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway , I went to english school before work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "lake" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "like."', 'confidence': 1.6208108108108317, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 170.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" before a specific source to indicate the origin of information.', 'confidence': 1.6203918918919151, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 196.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From the Wall Street Journal today , I found an interesting article about the future plan of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the origin or source of something.'}]
[{'content': 'The verb "be" should be followed by a subject to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.620363636363638, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 16.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Be leaving\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "heard to" before the infinitive form of the verb to indicate the action being heard.', 'confidence': 1.620250000000004, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 33.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.6200000000000065, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 54.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm still in the 20 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "learning" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.619203389830543, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 284.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Unnecessary quotation marks should be removed from "School lunch" and "Education of dietary."', 'confidence': 1.6191836734694252, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 314.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Hi" when addressing someone.', 'confidence': 1.6188787878788065, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 156.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote the last diary here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "Moreover."', 'confidence': 1.6188780487805083, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 164.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Moreover Tokyo is a very crowded city .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "offer me help" instead of "offer me some help" for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.6186619718310218, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 295.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I want to find some friends on this web site to offer me some help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "makes" to indicate the singular form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.6179767441860784, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 264.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He always make his own theory about life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Fighnaly" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Finally."', 'confidence': 1.6177914110429557, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 94.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Fighnaly , Japan won the game , so `` Nadeshiko Japan `` is top team in the world ! ! I was exciting , so I ca n't sleep ; ) But I do n't regret watching soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error in the use of "Fighnaly" instead of "Finally."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "something like" to indicate a non-specific phobia.', 'confidence': 1.617641791044782, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 48.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "leisurely" to indicate the manner in which something is done.', 'confidence': 1.6170779220779556, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 275.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: According to this , human 's life can be said to be leisure time to the end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Loves" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.61692592592596, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 276.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And she loves basking too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When referring to writing with an item, the preposition "with" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.6168888888889188, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 249.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Please lend me a pen to write ( with / on ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error in the use of "ptotect" instead of "protect."', 'confidence': 1.6167727272727395, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 98.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "ptotect" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "protect."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "as" before the location of a place within a larger area.', 'confidence': 1.6163432835821023, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 102.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "also" to indicate a similar action or quality in addition to what has already been mentioned.', 'confidence': 1.6163333333333574, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 201.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Here all was different , and the teachers too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "something like" to indicate a general similarity, and use "a" before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 1.6162985074627223, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 290.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "singing songs" instead of "singing."', 'confidence': 1.6157619047619365, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 266.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do you like singing songs ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Sort of" should be followed by an adjective, not used as a standalone phrase.', 'confidence': 1.6157378640776803, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 82.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She just casually answered the questions and sort of appeared impatient , which made me sort of angry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "rather" to indicate a preference between two options.', 'confidence': 1.6150909090909193, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 85.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I rather be working outside than be a housewife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Japanese comedy couple" instead of "Japanese comedy duo."', 'confidence': 1.6148461538461856, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 253.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The first person on this video is Okamura who is a member of Japanese comedy couple `` Ninety - nine ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "so" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "because" should be used to indicate a reason.', 'confidence': 1.614025641025644, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 22.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "plausiable" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "plausible."', 'confidence': 1.61394974874376, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 335.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"times" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 1.6133333333333577, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 202.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is my 450th times diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "Lang-8" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.612589743589758, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 120.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I become a member of lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to tell the truth" to indicate honesty or frankness.', 'confidence': 1.6123370786516984, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 104.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Preposition rule: When indicating a diagnosis, use "as" after "diagnosed" to indicate the condition.', 'confidence': 1.612307692307701, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 76.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Diagnosed of being easily impressed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Mt." should be followed by a specific mountain name.', 'confidence': 1.6117027027027127, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 86.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" after "tired" to indicate the reason for feeling tired.', 'confidence': 1.6116666666666728, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 51.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I felt tired my eyes and butt .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "recently" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.6115744680851116, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 44.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But recently , I wanted to speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "so much" to indicate a non-countable amount or existence of something.', 'confidence': 1.6114797570850867, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 551.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was little cold and windy , so the air is stale .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There are always so much blood , people are so thirsty .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "so much" before a non-countable noun to indicate a large amount.'}]
[{'content': '"Many" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.6114309430886349, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 113.0, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today My worklord were so many .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tonight I read and corrected many diaries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It takes much money to go see my parents from here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Many of" should be followed by a plural noun.'}, {'content': 'Use "many" before a plural countable noun.'}]
[{'content': 'Parentheses should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 1.611237961225826, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 488.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 56.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: ( I think no doubt about illegal . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After my hard - days I am going to go to Belarus , to Minsk )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( It was very hard to study Japanese . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: ( There was a power failure until now . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Parentheses should not be used to indicate a standalone sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'The word "start" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.6109047619047785, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 129.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: A good review is the best start point .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "writting" instead of "write."', 'confidence': 1.610666666666695, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 226.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I could not writting Japanese or understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Tumultuous" and "arduous" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.610574257425757, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 122.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "phisically" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "physically."', 'confidence': 1.6104672897196526, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 218.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sumo champion , called yokozuna , is required to be strong not only phisically , but also spiritually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "focus" to indicate the main point of attention.', 'confidence': 1.6103684210526688, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 294.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "understand" instead of "understands" to agree with the subject "nobody."', 'confidence': 1.6102698412698668, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 203.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "sucks" instead of "likes" or "approves of" to indicate approval or admiration for Wang\'s new hairstyle.', 'confidence': 1.6101563786008586, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 295.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are a Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very much , and that his new style is very handsome .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error in the use of "all most" instead of "almost."', 'confidence': 1.610114552893073, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 227.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: all most japanese people have loved them for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "all most" instead of "almost."'}]
[{'content': "Rule: Possessive nouns are formed by adding 's to the end of a singular noun or the end of a plural noun that does not end in s.", 'confidence': 1.6094667649423768, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 233.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The lesson 's topic was Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My poor expressions made her irritated .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': "Possessive nouns are formed by adding 's to the end of a singular noun or the end of a plural noun that does not end in s."}]
[{'content': 'Use "seemed" to match the past tense of "was"', 'confidence': 1.6092123893805468, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "hand out" instead of "handed out" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.6090126610504902, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1483.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 202.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Otherwise , I feel something wrong as if I did n't do a homework that would punish me when I finally hand out the empty note to a meticulous teacher .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the past tense verb "pulled" to indicate the action being described.', 'confidence': 1.6083181810711293, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 611.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 67.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And he lead the dance at this music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I thought earthquake is coming when I wash my face in the morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The past tense verb "pulled" to indicate the action being described.'}]
[{'content': '"Weak" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6077096774193804, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 213.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of the language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is to use "may be" instead of "maybe" when expressing possibility or uncertainty.', 'confidence': 1.6074979875514805, 'success_used': 2.5, 'success_unused': 971.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 107.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time they may be lost adoministration .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommottow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I 'm greedy , and want to try too many things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommorrow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He might be scary that he was standing without any help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so I may be child .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "may be" instead of "maybe" when expressing possibility or uncertainty.'}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma instead of slashes to separate the date in a written format.', 'confidence': 1.6074736842105464, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 163.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Diary 2011 / 7 / 6\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The spelling error "groupe" should be corrected to "group."', 'confidence': 1.6073225806451814, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 163.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "releaved" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "relieved."', 'confidence': 1.607219178082214, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was releaved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis but I 'm still worried .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "untill" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "until."', 'confidence': 1.606311157311218, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 496.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sleeping all day untill I had to work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Japanese economic make worse" instead of "make the Japanese economy worse."', 'confidence': 1.605734177215222, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 267.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So impressive" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6052727272727407, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 111.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Relaxed" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6051739130434834, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 44.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had a relaxed time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Crazy" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.6050000000000104, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 85.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have some friends who are crazy about this genre .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Do not use a comma after an introductory adverb such as "sadly."', 'confidence': 1.6049069767441886, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sadly , my dad is going bald recently . lol\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "should" instead of "should to" to indicate the action of necessity or obligation.', 'confidence': 1.6041666666666696, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should to study again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "should" to indicate an obligation or necessity.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "prohibit" instead of "prohibit to" to indicate a restriction.', 'confidence': 1.6040769230769583, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 292.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "has" to indicate the singular form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.6040476190476207, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My son have diarrhea\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "of" before the base form of the verb is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.603666666666701, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 273.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I also want to be of some help to revive Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "ate" instead of "eat" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.6034285714285899, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 153.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I ate a pizza for dinner yesterday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "weather" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "whether."', 'confidence': 1.6028518518518793, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 219.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "adoministration" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "administration."', 'confidence': 1.6012857142857269, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 102.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time they may be lost adoministration .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from what I hear" to introduce a reason, and "for" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.6012247191011477, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 195.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: From what I hear , I do n't know if it 's true , he was a famous dancer in his hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "is always" without specifying what Backpacker is always doing.', 'confidence': 1.6011020408163434, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 144.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I know Backpacker is always freewheeling .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "frineds" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "friends."', 'confidence': 1.6008518518518795, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 224.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"By myself" should be replaced with "for myself" to indicate independent thinking.', 'confidence': 1.600791044776124, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Time" should be capitalized as a proper noun.', 'confidence': 1.6000000000000028, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have seen an article on TIME .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "month" without a preposition "of" to indicate the current day.', 'confidence': 1.5997777777777973, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 162.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I words" instead of "I work" to indicate the action of working in an e-commerce company.', 'confidence': 1.5995714285714537, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 204.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I words in An e - commerce company .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "sank" instead of "sink" to indicate the past tense of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5994736842105473, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 158.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wished I could sink into the floor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using the phrase "remote control tool," it should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5994545454545617, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If remote control tool is taken by evil person .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" instead of "in" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.', 'confidence': 1.599294871794891, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 152.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to USJ yesterday with my friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}]
[{'content': 'The preposition "to" should be "on" to indicate the effect of self-control on eating.', 'confidence': 1.5991836734694274, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 330.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper capitalization for brand names such as "Gen-Mai."', 'confidence': 1.5990000000000029, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm Gen - Mai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" to indicate the company of someone.', 'confidence': 1.5982328767123368, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"At" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5980000000000223, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: at school\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a period instead of a comma to separate the number and the word "No" in "Photo No. 1."', 'confidence': 1.5973333333333704, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 300.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Photo No , 1 shows how it is hung on the window in my room .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "sang" instead of "sung" as the past tense of "sing."', 'confidence': 1.5972222222222323, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 82.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I sung so many songs and brewed my stress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Sung" should be "sang" to indicate the past tense of the verb.'}, {'content': 'The past tense of "sing" is "sang," not "sung."'}]
[{'content': 'Use the past participle form of the verb "break" to indicate that the plan was in a broken down state.', 'confidence': 1.5971764705882732, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 307.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My plan was break down at second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The adjective "another" should be followed by a singular countable noun, not a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.5971304347826243, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 129.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And we had a dinner with my another friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "enjoyed" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5970000000000004, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We enjoyed Mickey 's Philhar Magic .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "steps" instead of "step" to indicate incremental progress or improvement.', 'confidence': 1.595949748743762, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 352.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "made it" without specifying what was made important.', 'confidence': 1.5958461538461601, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 53.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This matter made me realize the important things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Stunned" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.5954444444444553, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: All in all , Japan is trying to recover from the stunned situation now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "touch" instead of "touching" after "and."', 'confidence': 1.5954390243902776, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 287.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He was getting too close and touch my ass with his leg even I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Strange" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5952307692307883, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 160.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"An enough rest" should be "enough rest" for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5951379310344969, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take an enough rest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "naighbors" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "neighbors."', 'confidence': 1.5944918032787079, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 160.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Hello" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5942105263157993, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 86.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hello , everybody .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate possession or association.', 'confidence': 1.5934067796610467, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 247.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Thank you ( The letter to my daughter 's English teacher )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "Taiwanese-style."', 'confidence': 1.5930975609756277, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 147.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Homework" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 1.5921940298507649, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 156.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because when I finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma before a non-essential clause to indicate that it is not necessary for the meaning of the sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5918181818182027, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 172.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the action of wanting to do something.', 'confidence': 1.591703703703716, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 104.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like checking SNS sites .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Infinitive form rule: The infinitive form "to write" should be used instead of "writting" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5915652173913348, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 236.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I could not writting Japanese or understand .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "fries" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "flies."', 'confidence': 1.5913076923078138, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 966.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 135.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Time fries like an arrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "today\'s" to indicate possession.', 'confidence': 1.5908309859156429, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 1177.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 184.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After today 's tuition , she will go to a karaoke with her classmates .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: From the Wall Street Journal today , I found an interesting article about the future plan of Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "is starting" to indicate the beginning of an action.', 'confidence': 1.5908078817734235, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 202.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "introduce about" instead of "introduce in."', 'confidence': 1.5904543064033412, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 2174.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 276.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watch the time go away\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Diagnosed of being easily impressed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will introduce about my dog , Tiara .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no specific grammar rule or prior knowledge used in this inference.', 'confidence': 1.590006695455134, 'success_used': 2.3333333333333335, 'success_unused': 1310.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 191.66666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On the way I had a headache .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wasted too much time on watching Youtube .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was fine but bored with his work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I love citrus fruits .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last month I rode a Sanyo Shinkansen train .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I went to Okinawa ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Manga in English\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'There are no specific grammar rules or prior knowledge used in this inference.'}, {'content': 'There is no specific grammar rules or prior knowledge used in this inference.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "job," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.5898461538461608, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 56.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So if we lose our employer , we ca n't have job !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "fingures" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "fingers."', 'confidence': 1.5895862068965778, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 212.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "lit" should be "little."', 'confidence': 1.5891428571428867, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 245.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sounds a lit bit tricky ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "lit" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "little."'}]
[{'content': 'A definite article should be used before a singular noun to indicate a specific instance.', 'confidence': 1.58874358974359, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 1.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Election will be done Augst 30 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "middle-aged" to describe a man in the middle age.', 'confidence': 1.5883333333333494, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 129.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Even midleage man was better than me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The adjective "worry" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5878717948718177, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 191.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm very worry about the radiation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "brought about" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 1.5876486486486554, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 57.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of the verb "eat" is "ate"', 'confidence': 1.5874285714285916, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 168.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I ate a pizza for dinner yesterday\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "relieved" not "releaved" to indicate a sense of comfort or alleviation.', 'confidence': 1.587410958904143, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 285.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was releaved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis but I 'm still worried .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "much" before a non-countable noun to indicate a large amount.', 'confidence': 1.5865128205128463, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 204.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "somewhere" to indicate a location.', 'confidence': 1.5859729729730156, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 350.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We are looking forward to seeing you and your children someday somewhere .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"According to" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5857500000000146, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 120.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Acording to this , taking a nap is not good for digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "Then" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5857378640776836, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then , I found a Japanese TV program introducing Wittgenstein 's ' Tractatus Logico - philosophicus ' .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "morning" without a preposition "of" to indicate the current day.', 'confidence': 1.585666666666703, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 293.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is a busy morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "kinda" should be followed by an adjective or adverb to modify.', 'confidence': 1.5852686567164467, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 237.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: kinda lucky but not for me . being bored sucks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "may be" instead of "may it is" to indicate a possibility.', 'confidence': 1.584105263157912, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 143.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: or cloudy may be better because I do n't want to burn my skin so much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommottow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "may be" instead of "may it is" to indicate a possibility.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "didn\'t write" instead of "haven\'t written" and "find" instead of "found" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.583793650793658, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 59.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "sensitivity" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "sensitively."', 'confidence': 1.5837843137255319, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 343.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to use the word `` sensitivity `` properly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "should" instead of "sould" to indicate the correct form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5832764227642342, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 54.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very sensitive" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.5831673079883075, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't like watching a close screen so I killed time reading something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was really really sensitive at work because this is a national\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Seiko Matsuda" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.5830000000000046, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 37.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "long fringe or back hair" instead of "long on a fringe or backhair."', 'confidence': 1.5827340619309673, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1494.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 177.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "woke" instead of "waked" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.5827017316553011, 'success_used': 1.6666666666666667, 'success_unused': 651.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 83.33333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I went to the hospital and took an ECG .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I dreamed that I found her just sitting by my side when I waked .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The daughter was woken up by my wife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was woken up by my daughter today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The correct form is "woke" instead of "woken" to indicate past tense.'}, {'content': 'Use "woke" instead of "waked" to indicate the past tense of waking up.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "English" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "English."', 'confidence': 1.582621948712716, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 300.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "english" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "English."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific language to indicate the language in which something is communicated.', 'confidence': 1.5821379310344983, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I only told them in English language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "shake off" to indicate the action of dispelling sleepiness.', 'confidence': 1.582000000000002, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 17.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "In the case of the year end" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5819459459459861, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 328.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the case of the year end , we need to sell stocks whose quotes are lower than the original ones because we can reduce the capital gain tax by reporting the loss to the Japanese IRS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"It said" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5814285714285923, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 172.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It said that was disappointing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "fisrt" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "first."', 'confidence': 1.5808918918919264, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 276.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "Self-Introduction."', 'confidence': 1.5806666666666873, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 169.66666666666669, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.333333333333336, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Self - introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Self - Introduction\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "self-introduction."'}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "self introduction."'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "faouvorite" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "favorite."', 'confidence': 1.5803925233645095, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 190.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "Gen-Mai."', 'confidence': 1.5793333333333504, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 140.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Special" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "special."', 'confidence': 1.5792297297297462, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 133.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today is nothing specal to write ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The correct spelling is "special."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "considered to be" to indicate a subjective evaluation or opinion.', 'confidence': 1.5783333333333724, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 327.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: As for ordinary Japanese people , my English level is supposed to be high to some extent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "hung" instead of "hanged" when referring to spending time with someone.', 'confidence': 1.578232876712339, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 80.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "boarden" instead of "broaden."', 'confidence': 1.5776315789473987, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 246.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of my ultimate goal as an English teacher is that all students look the world broadly .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "went" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.5773050847457981, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 289.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "harmful" to indicate a negative impact.', 'confidence': 1.5766722689075745, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "especailly" instead of "especially" to indicate a specific quality.', 'confidence': 1.576444444444485, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 335.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "surpise" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "surprise."', 'confidence': 1.5760000000000054, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 46.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: A nice surpise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "mergherita" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "margherita."', 'confidence': 1.5751358024691975, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 487.6666666666667, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 73.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was a mergherita pizza .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "mergherita" is misspelled. The correct spelling of "Margherita" should be used.'}, {'content': '"Mergherita" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "margherita."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the content or subject matter.', 'confidence': 1.5749200848656355, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 49.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What Chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You can check other videos about Okaxile .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the content of something.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.', 'confidence': 1.5747864876518414, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 249.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 24.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll graduate the university in 2012 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the time from bloom to falling is very early .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Spree from my house after an hour , so we 'd like to play while drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"From" should be used to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}]
[{'content': '"Many of them" should be followed by a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5741260504201946, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 219.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "thinngs" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "things."', 'confidence': 1.5740588235294388, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 225.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Everyday starts new thinngs to try .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Thinngs" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "things."'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "kinda" should be used instead of "kinda" to indicate "kind of."', 'confidence': 1.573942148760374, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 356.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Coincidence" should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 1.573666666666677, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 85.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Coincidence\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Wish" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.572235294117649, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 16.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Wish you happy in paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "stimulates" instead of "stimurate" to indicate the action of stimulating the brain.', 'confidence': 1.5720434782609072, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 308.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: to read some sentenses is stimurate my Brain ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" before a specific event or location to indicate the place where something occurred.', 'confidence': 1.5713636363636434, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 59.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: An environmistalist said in TED .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "crawling" is typically followed by the preposition "in" to indicate the action of moving on hands and knees.', 'confidence': 1.570551020408197, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 269.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Extra game was drow too" without specifying the specific event and its outcome.', 'confidence': 1.5704175824175837, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 12.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun to indicate a specific instance.', 'confidence': 1.5691111111111158, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "simiple" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "simple."', 'confidence': 1.5689523809524153, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 277.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Preposition rule: When indicating a location, the preposition "to" is used to show where something is located.', 'confidence': 1.5688278278278789, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 416.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We became friends soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I came back to home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "nuclear" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.568692307692345, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 293.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on Japanese newspapers frequently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The phrase "no chance opportunity" is redundant and should be revised for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5683876651982476, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 79.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of tilde and extra periods is unnecessary and should be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5675675675675675, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was the kingdergardan level ~ ~ . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Diagnosed" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5663076923077062, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Diagnosed of being easily impressed\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "here" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5662698412698717, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 248.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the calss .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Dutch" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.5661746031746073, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "gotta" should be used instead of "got ta" to indicate "got to."', 'confidence': 1.5658518518518834, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 250.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I got ta get the intercom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "ask" to indicate a question being posed.', 'confidence': 1.5651746031746074, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "even if not" to indicate a hypothetical comparison.', 'confidence': 1.5645714285714687, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 322.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope she would come back to the scene as a diva again , even not like her heyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "again" instead of "more" to indicate repetition.', 'confidence': 1.564500000000041, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 340.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But you should think once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I \'d" should be followed by the base form of the verb "to be" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 1.564217391304348, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 1.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "can\'t" to indicate the absence of a requirement.', 'confidence': 1.5640505720037547, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 191.66666666666666, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I can ' t live without music !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Second , many Japanese people can not speak foreign languages very well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "cannot" instead of "can not" to indicate the absence of a requirement.'}, {'content': '"Can\'t" should be used to indicate the absence of a requirement.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "massage" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "massage."', 'confidence': 1.564034482758661, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 320.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I got a foot masssage today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions in English use an apostrophe to replace missing letters. Exclamation marks should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 1.563960088691846, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 414.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He was like ' OMG ! ! ' n hold his head .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's why I have to lose my weight ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule of using adjectives to modify nouns', 'confidence': 1.5638501378350635, 'success_used': 1.6666666666666663, 'success_unused': 558.3333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He wants to learn Japanese skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We just have simple ideas about complex objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He had funny and intersting dance .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This matter made me realize the important things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He is experienced backpacker .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: The rule of using adjectives to modify nouns'}, {'content': 'The rule for using adjectives to modify nouns'}]
[{'content': 'Use "reading" instead of "to reading" to indicate the action of starting to read.', 'confidence': 1.5636666666667054, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 311.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"All day" should be used as an adverbial phrase to indicate the duration of an action.', 'confidence': 1.5623529411764756, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have a all day working .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All day working !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "time" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5620000000000043, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time , I dare to write a diary without using my dictionary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "environmentalist" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.5605757575757793, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 173.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: An environmistalist said in TED .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to indicate a feeling of admiration or respect for something.', 'confidence': 1.5603673469388148, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 332.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And he took in my favorite subject like soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "hadn\'t" should be "didn\'t have" to indicate the past tense.', 'confidence': 1.5593876651982486, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 87.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "repot" should be used instead of "do repotting."', 'confidence': 1.55914285714289, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 259.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanted to do repotting of my roses .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "source" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "sauce."', 'confidence': 1.5591012658228167, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 261.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "sing" instead of "song" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5587547169811722, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 321.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: song everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" before the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 1.558752314814832, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 134.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I drank the beer with her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available Haneda airport .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "with" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}]
[{'content': '"To say the truth" should be "To tell the truth" to indicate honesty.', 'confidence': 1.5583370786517043, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 149.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "As a result" to indicate a conclusion or contrast, and should not be joined by a comma splice.', 'confidence': 1.5580000000000047, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 40.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: As a result , the economy of Japan got stagnant .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Why" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.55776470588237, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 136.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Why I do n't remember this taste ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Cried" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5574736842105519, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 213.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "along" to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 1.5561764705882777, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 354.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "scary" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5554094827586327, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 98.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was very scary because I had been very healthy so far .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He might be scary that he was standing without any help .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Scary" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "surround" should be used as the verb to indicate the action of encircling or being all around something.', 'confidence': 1.555333333333364, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 251.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "up" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.5547619047619432, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 317.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We talked and stayed up late every night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "set by" to indicate the establishment of a dominant tendency.', 'confidence': 1.5545555555555999, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 351.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The movement during the first 30 minutes after the stock market opening is controlled by the dominant tendency made by the US traders .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space between "busy" and the question mark to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5543636363636453, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 73.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Am I busy ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "took long time" instead of "took a long time" to indicate a specific duration.', 'confidence': 1.5543333333333353, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 16.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It took long time to do that but I was happy , so I like gardening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "pithier" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "pitcher."', 'confidence': 1.5541395348837215, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 4.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When indicating membership in a political party, the preposition "of" is used to show affiliation.', 'confidence': 1.5537142857143422, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 452.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 60.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hamada birong to Liberal Democratic Party .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mayer is busy with election campaign and his own work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Japanese" to indicate a specific skill or skills related to Japan.', 'confidence': 1.5535294117647356, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 246.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He wants to learn Japanese skill .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "source" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.5535263157895185, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 358.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before a specific website or platform to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 1.5533333333334247, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 738.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 92.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Mayer is cheering Hamada minister of defence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: the new in the lang - 8\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "sticktly" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "strictly."', 'confidence': 1.5530769230769639, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 332.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The word "sticktly" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "strictly."'}]
[{'content': '"Swearings" should be replaced with "swearing" to indicate an ongoing action.', 'confidence': 1.5529230769230795, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 22.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Political ones are always full of childish swearings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "something" to indicate a specific emphasis or focus', 'confidence': 1.5520955414012798, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 45.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"See you" should be capitalized as the first word of a sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5517777777778026, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 201.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: see you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "move to change" is redundant and can be simplified to "change."', 'confidence': 1.5514680851063856, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My teacher is going to move to change his job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is to use "their own" to indicate possession or ownership.', 'confidence': 1.5511176124323316, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 215.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The roses grew up and thir flowerpots are too small for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "their own" to indicate possession or ownership.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I = out" instead of "I was blanked out."', 'confidence': 1.5508391376451574, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 395.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm to know nothing about grammar , and I 'm afraid to speak english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "respond like that" without specifying the context or situation.', 'confidence': 1.5504285714285737, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "there\'s" should be used instead of "there \'s" to indicate "there is."', 'confidence': 1.5498421052632005, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 337.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Warm" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.549333333333337, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like warm season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Chance opportunity" is redundant and should be revised to "opportunity."', 'confidence': 1.5486607929515421, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "kindergarten" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.5484736842105529, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 216.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was the kingdergardan level ~ ~ . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "watch" to indicate a broader understanding of the world.', 'confidence': 1.5480344827586627, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 341.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yesterday I went to the stadium to see the baseball game .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Didn\'t" should be used instead of "hadn\'t" to indicate "did not."', 'confidence': 1.5476607929515422, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "why" to indicate a specific time at which an action started.', 'confidence': 1.5472352941176517, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Why I do n't remember this taste ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using the phrase "moved to tears," it should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5470588235294227, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 88.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He moved to tears when he won .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Practice" should be followed by a specific noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.5466607929515424, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 4.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to indicate similarity, not presence.', 'confidence': 1.546528301886834, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 337.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do you think there are like happiness in reality ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Okay" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.5459382716049448, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 55.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: okay right now I want to know what is the best way to learn the English accents ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate possession or association.', 'confidence': 1.5456481269332483, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 308.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the possession of something.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "introduce" without "about" to indicate the action of presenting someone or something.', 'confidence': 1.5454127954277606, 'success_used': 1.25, 'success_unused': 206.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I will introduce about my dog , Tiara .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of my friends , yoshimi , introduced me about this website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "introduce" without "about" when introducing someone or something.'}, {'content': 'Use "introduce" without "about" to indicate the introduction of something or someone.'}, {'content': 'Use "introduce" without "about" to indicate the action of presenting or making someone known.'}]
[{'content': '"Like" should not be used before "happiness" in this context.', 'confidence': 1.5449230769230804, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do you think there are like happiness in reality ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"No" should be used before a singular countable noun.', 'confidence': 1.5446607929515426, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "happiness" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.5441818181818483, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 238.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: An abstract concept of hapiness\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "abroad" to indicate being in a foreign country.', 'confidence': 1.5434109589041478, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 311.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "was" instead of "is" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.5430508474576756, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 406.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But that program was trashy ; it simplified the discussion too much , and pretended that the matter is really simple .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Over" should be used to indicate a duration of time.', 'confidence': 1.5426607929515428, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "month," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.542555555555557, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: December\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to attend" should be used instead of "to commute" to indicate the action of going to the class.', 'confidence': 1.5422857142857334, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 161.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was enjoying to commute this class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "laerning" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "learning."', 'confidence': 1.5422033898305514, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 350.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "favorit" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "favorite."', 'confidence': 1.5412641509434426, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 363.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "looked up" to indicate searching for something in a reference source.', 'confidence': 1.540912280701801, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 378.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "part-time" without a space between the two words.', 'confidence': 1.5407837837838105, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 215.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My friend worked part - time at USJ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "at using a time" instead of "at using time" to indicate the correct preposition.', 'confidence': 1.539454545454546, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Though I 'm not good at using a time at all , I want to try to be good at using a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "as" to indicate a general topic or subject, and use "of" to indicate the specific content or subject matter.', 'confidence': 1.5394155844155892, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "otehr" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "other."', 'confidence': 1.538855855855891, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 276.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Lived" should not be used as a standalone verb without the preposition "in" to indicate the location.', 'confidence': 1.5386956521739208, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 64.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The third memory is the house we lived .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "come on" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.5374444444444892, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 370.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Yangyang , come on , you can do it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "basking" is typically followed by the preposition "in" to indicate the action of enjoying the sun.', 'confidence': 1.5369259259259689, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 346.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And she loves basking too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "midleage" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "middle-aged."', 'confidence': 1.5368888888889056, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 132.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Even midleage man was better than me !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Midleage" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "middle-aged."'}]
[{'content': '"Custom" should be followed by a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.5363846153846241, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 72.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Accepting" should be replaced with "accept" to indicate the action being described.', 'confidence': 1.536333333333344, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 91.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "dead," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.5358648648648903, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 210.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I hope I like the summer Finland .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We do n't celebrate ancestors or dead like the way western people do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of quotation marks to indicate direct speech.', 'confidence': 1.535756270429628, 'success_used': 1.25, 'success_unused': 454.375, 'failure_used': 0.24999999999999997, 'failure_unused': 53.87499999999999, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This show features with `` Parents dating Guys `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are a Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very much , and that his new style is very handsome .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I imagine only `` cool `` or `` awesome `` or `` dope `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She said `` I want to cancel the New York trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I only say that `` I like ~ I want . . ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` 450th times ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The title is `` closer `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use single quotation marks to indicate direct speech or to highlight specific terms or phrases.'}, {'content': 'Use of quotation marks to indicate direct speech or to highlight specific terms or phrases.'}, {'content': 'Use quotation marks to indicate direct speech or to highlight specific terms or phrases.'}, {'content': 'Quotation marks should be used to indicate direct speech or a quote.'}, {'content': 'Use quotation marks to indicate direct speech.'}, {'content': 'Use of quotation marks should be for emphasis or direct speech.'}, {'content': 'Use single quotation marks to indicate the use of specific words or phrases.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "becauce" instead of "because."', 'confidence': 1.5351196581196715, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 113.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "down" after the base form of the verb to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 1.5350434782609113, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 330.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt dizzy and had to cool my bedroom down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule for using contractions in negative sentences is to combine "did" and "not" to form "didn\'t".', 'confidence': 1.534736842105288, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 402.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I did n't know she is an actress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Fovorite" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "favorite."', 'confidence': 1.533817591326034, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 130.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "break" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5332222222222431, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 172.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My plan was break down at second .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Infinitive form of the verb "break" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form rule: The infinitive form "to cook" should be used instead of "cooking" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5330000000000295, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 244.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "rise again" to indicate the action of stocks increasing.', 'confidence': 1.5326524822695098, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 52.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Level skills" should be "skill level" to indicate the level of proficiency.', 'confidence': 1.5320000000000076, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 60.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "either" to indicate a choice between two options.', 'confidence': 1.5319771674847626, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 391.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 45.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have hardly played neither baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a lot of fuss once a year outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "either" with "or" to indicate a choice between two options.'}]
[{'content': '"Just only" is redundant and unnecessary.', 'confidence': 1.5313342670401573, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to say is no future in just only the strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We were classmates in college as an undergraduate .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very heavy" should be used to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.530333333333339, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 47.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Only problem is that it is very heavy food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before words that refer to a non-specific item or instance.', 'confidence': 1.5296296296296408, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 97.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I drank the beer with her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Warm" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5293333333333392, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 49.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like warm season .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "that" instead of "what" to introduce a defining clause.', 'confidence': 1.5291379310345041, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 178.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "awoken" instead of "woken up" to indicate the passive form of "awake."', 'confidence': 1.5288837209302333, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The daughter was woken up by my wife .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "access" and "synapse" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.5278461538461787, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 198.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "lie down" to indicate the action of reclining on the sofa.', 'confidence': 1.5278431372549108, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 75.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I used to lie down on the sofa after finishing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "20st century boy" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "20th century boy."', 'confidence': 1.527629629629641, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 91.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate possession or relationship between two objects.', 'confidence': 1.5261020408163517, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 201.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We just have simple ideas about complex objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to study" should be used instead of "study" to indicate the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5254448954164714, 'success_used': 1.25, 'success_unused': 209.25, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I love study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One of them is to study English hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I should to study again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But he has no idea that he should study about .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use the infinitive form "to study" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}, {'content': 'Infinitive form rule: The infinitive form "to study" should be used instead of "study" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}, {'content': '"To study" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "were" instead of "was" to agree with the plural noun "missing beats."', 'confidence': 1.5248717948718247, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 243.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I checked my pulse and found that there was a missing beat at intervals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific event, such as "earthquake," should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.5241739130434924, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 118.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"All day" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5233653110879515, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 101.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: All day working !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "why" instead of "why they were not here."', 'confidence': 1.5218596491228094, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 18.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I asked someone about why they were not here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" after the verb "forget" to indicate the location of an activity', 'confidence': 1.5217241379310378, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will never forget my first time at customs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a period at the end of a question.', 'confidence': 1.5217058823529679, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 223.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Can anyone help ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "outside" to indicate a specific location.', 'confidence': 1.5216725057121194, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 80.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of them is drinking alchole outside , because most countries do n't seem to be allowed to drink .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a lot of fuss once a year outside .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Outside" should be used to indicate a specific location.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "was never happened" instead of "never happened."', 'confidence': 1.5205084745763053, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 282.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We cheered very hard , but the miracle was never happened .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "have" instead of "have got" to indicate possession.', 'confidence': 1.520000000000009, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I still have got a cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "cut" and "coarsely" in parallel structure to maintain consistency.', 'confidence': 1.5197524752475253, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using the phrase "all day," it should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.519742536654371, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 622.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I always stay there for a long time all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Third period was P .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All day working !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "all day" should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "written" instead of "wrote" to indicate the past participle form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.5191228070175582, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 122.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "have ate" instead of "have eaten."', 'confidence': 1.5184042553191714, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 190.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "elder" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.5183333333333404, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 58.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I elder than before .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "their" to indicate possession of plural nouns.', 'confidence': 1.5181222667077447, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 122.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as specific rivers should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.5175925925926008, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Huang river is the second longest river of China .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "until" to indicate the time relationship between two events.', 'confidence': 1.517567567567573, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sleeping all day untill I had to work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "By the way" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.517013698630175, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 308.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , listen to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Making" should be followed by a plural noun "souvenirs" to indicate the action of creating a strategy or course of action.', 'confidence': 1.516636363636369, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 43.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Gardenig" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Gardening."', 'confidence': 1.5157777777777957, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 141.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Gardenig\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "gardenig" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "gardening."'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "currently" instead of "current" to indicate the present job.', 'confidence': 1.513647058823541, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is a contraction "It\'s" which is a combination of "it" and "is".', 'confidence': 1.5132799389779081, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 348.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's so cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's means that I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's might be boring .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's too hot in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "It\'s" is a combination of "it" and "is".'}]
[{'content': '"chinese" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Chinese."', 'confidence': 1.5114615384615413, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 23.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today was the day of my chinese friend 's birthday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before a specific language to indicate proficiency or qualifications in that language.', 'confidence': 1.5113170731707533, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope you make many friends of the lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" instead of "in" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.', 'confidence': 1.5102608530806625, 'success_used': 1.125, 'success_unused': 341.5, 'failure_used': 0.12499999999999999, 'failure_unused': 33.375, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My friend starred on the play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Huang river is the second longest river of China .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am get meeting to many people by street live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am listening to music with the commuter train .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I left my umbrella in a train this morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "on" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "on" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}, {'content': '"On" should be used to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "on" instead of "in" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}, {'content': 'Use "on" instead of "with" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to public transportation.'}, {'content': 'Use "on" instead of "in" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific mode of transportation.'}, {'content': 'Use "in" instead of "of" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific mode of transportation.'}]
[{'content': 'The use of "us" as the object pronoun is necessary in this context.', 'confidence': 1.5100588235294268, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 127.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it 's common for we Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "pitcher."', 'confidence': 1.5086511627907082, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 83.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "dreamt" instead of "dreamed" to indicate an action that occurred in the past.', 'confidence': 1.5083333333333553, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 174.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I dreamed her the night before yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Till" should be replaced with "until" to indicate the specific time frame.', 'confidence': 1.5072413793103459, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: im soo free till next month .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Stertor" should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 1.506914893617024, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The wife was woken up by my stertor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb such as "apparently."', 'confidence': 1.5066666666666844, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 150.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Apparently , the world is lopsided .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "have to" followed by the base form of the verb to indicate the necessity of an action.', 'confidence': 1.5066451612903307, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I have to dug my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific day to indicate a specific instance.', 'confidence': 1.5034285714285789, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sunday Feb 21\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Whole" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.5025000000000066, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 55.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "sleepness" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "sleepiness."', 'confidence': 1.502000000000019, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 155.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "bites" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "bit."', 'confidence': 1.501333333333377, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 350.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 44.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "bite" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "bit."'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "Custom" should be pluralized when referring to multiple customs.', 'confidence': 1.5011065573770712, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 384.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Through school lunch , students learn many kind of taste , knowledge of food and Japanese culture for six years at least .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Custom" should be pluralized when referring to multiple customs.'}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after an interjection such as "Well" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.500891891891935, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 352.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Well , I just proud of myself , yep .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "twice" to indicate a numerical value.', 'confidence': 1.5007560975609877, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Inner" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.499574468085124, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 140.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The shop of inner decorating was green .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "my" before "furniture" to specify possession.', 'confidence': 1.4987241379310403, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 48.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I have to fix my furnitures to stop slipping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The action of dancing should be followed by a specific noun to indicate the activity.', 'confidence': 1.4980000000000002, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Dancing\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Convenience store too" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.4969473684210617, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 74.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "base" should be followed by a subject and a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.4935714285714325, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It will be base after she will go to new school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today is hot and sunlight is strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Exclamatory sentences do not always require a subject or verb, as the emotion or feeling is the main focus.', 'confidence': 1.4928170122483544, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 480.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 56.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What bitter !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Cool !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a shock !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But whatever I will do my best and try to work hard enough to do well in these exams , hopefully : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to go to Walt Disney World someday ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What a pity !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Exclamatory sentences do not always require a subject and a verb, as they are used to express strong emotion or feeling.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "lied" instead of "lie" to indicate the past tense.', 'confidence': 1.4895555555555628, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 58.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "won \' \'t" should be "won\'t" to indicate future tense.', 'confidence': 1.489452380952424, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 351.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "won\'t" should be used instead of "won \' \'t" to indicate "will not."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "without using a code" to indicate the absence of a code.', 'confidence': 1.4881951219512222, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 23.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is very convenient to codeless .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "repay" instead of "reply" when indicating the act of giving back something, especially money.', 'confidence': 1.4871603773585367, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 375.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope Japan will recover from this situation and reply other countries for their helps in the future .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "repay" to indicate the action of giving back or returning something.'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I have" should be used instead of "I have got" to indicate possession.', 'confidence': 1.4870000000000037, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I still have got a cold .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "Wii" should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.4870000000000014, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: wii\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "neither" with "nor" to indicate a negative correlation between two items.', 'confidence': 1.4845454545455063, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 419.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 51.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I have hardly played neither baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "swearings" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "swearing."', 'confidence': 1.4835925925926046, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Political ones are always full of childish swearings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" after "impressed" to indicate the reason for the impression.', 'confidence': 1.481739130434787, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 38.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am impressed my life at there very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "not at all" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.4796666666666873, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 169.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Not at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use contractions for informal speech', 'confidence': 1.4795238095238288, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 384.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm gon na do it next time !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , dou you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "isn ` t" should be used instead of "isn\'t" to indicate "is not."', 'confidence': 1.4777142857143362, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 410.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But that isn ` t postopned .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Of course , it is n't a real bear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "isn\'t" should be used instead of "is n\'t" to indicate "is not."'}]
[{'content': '"Before" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.4770000000000136, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 116.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "continuing" to indicate the ongoing action of learning English.', 'confidence': 1.4767241379310427, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 66.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We will be continued to learn English next year and after .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "coming" instead of "come" to indicate the correct verb tense.', 'confidence': 1.4765631067961207, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "beginner" and "English" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.475639344262342, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 371.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am a beginer at learning english , and I want to improve .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "can" instead of "able to" to indicate ability.', 'confidence': 1.4755714285714785, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 402.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 51.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Such discussions are able to be heard around Japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Coursework base" should be "course-based" to indicate the type of curriculum.', 'confidence': 1.4750000000000028, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 20.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What Chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "go smoothly" to indicate the action of proceeding smoothly.', 'confidence': 1.4750000000000028, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 17.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "is" to indicate a specific number of items or events.', 'confidence': 1.4750000000000005, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This weekend three holidays in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Want" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.4740000000000029, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I watched without any want to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Drinking" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.473684210526316, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On Saturday we went to a club after drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "lesson" instead of "lessons" to indicate the plural form.', 'confidence': 1.473563106796121, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 40.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "commute" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.4734285714285822, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 86.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was enjoying to commute this class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "is" instead of "means" and the incorrect format of the time.', 'confidence': 1.4732608695652178, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's means that I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "they\'re" should be used instead of "they \'re" to indicate "they are."', 'confidence': 1.4722591279947588, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 992.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 134.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they 're all still made of clay .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "It\'s" is a contraction for "it is" or "it has," while "its" is a possessive form of "it."', 'confidence': 1.4715000000000122, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 290.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Asashoryu 's Retirement\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I know it 's thick and bitter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today 's lesson\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"It\'s" is a contraction for "it is" or "it has," while "its" is a possessive form of "it."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "before" instead of "befor" to indicate the time sequence.', 'confidence': 1.4705631067961213, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 43.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Preposition rule: When indicating a location, the preposition "on" is used to show where something is located.', 'confidence': 1.4692857142857414, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 225.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wish we were on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Anyway" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.4676666666666887, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 182.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway , I 'm studying English at the TOEFL Institute these days .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "email" without a space between the two words.', 'confidence': 1.4660909090909358, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 217.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I use an e - mail to keep in touch with my old friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "once" instead of "one time" to indicate frequency.', 'confidence': 1.464563106796122, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 48.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "until" before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 1.463567567567579, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 94.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sleeping all day untill I had to work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "became" instead of "got" to indicate a change in state.', 'confidence': 1.4633076923077175, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 210.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: As a result , the economy of Japan got stagnant .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "fight" instead of "fright" to indicate engaging in battle or conflict.', 'confidence': 1.4628571428571737, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 252.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "In fact" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.4623544303797475, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In fact , at this time , I 'm not supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very frequently" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.4620000000000064, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 56.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When my family used to go there very frequently ( about 3 or 4 times a month ) , I had a nice time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When indicating participation in a play or performance, the preposition "in" is used to show where the person is involved.', 'confidence': 1.4607406277245243, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 210.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My friend starred on the play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And he lead the dance at this music .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Verb usage: When indicating participation in a play or performance, the preposition "in" is used to show where the person is involved.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before "slot machine" to indicate a singular noun.', 'confidence': 1.4606981132075485, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You know , you can take them at slot machine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "currently" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "current."', 'confidence': 1.4596470588235468, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 149.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before proper nouns such as organization names.', 'confidence': 1.4593288084464653, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 144.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And Kanto area reaches the electronic shortage .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "other" instead of "another" when referring to people.', 'confidence': 1.4592247700480048, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 578.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 98.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: That 's two balls : one with a cat inside , other with dog .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was worried , whether another people catch my numbers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "bought" to indicate the purchase of something.', 'confidence': 1.4586486486486696, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 169.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "start" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.4583650863011277, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 457.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was enjoying to commute this class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm study of English was started .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wanted to do sowing of Violas but starting pots was lack , so I would go to Home Depo again tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "anywhere" to indicate a general location or direction.', 'confidence': 1.4582745098039467, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 209.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I carry it anywhere , and show it to my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "becuase" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "because."', 'confidence': 1.4571772151899038, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 248.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use "themselves" instead of "theirselves" to indicate the reflexive form of "they."', 'confidence': 1.4565774647887846, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 420.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "words" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "work."', 'confidence': 1.4543333333333752, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 340.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I words in An e - commerce company .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "have had" to indicate the action that started in the past and continues into the present.', 'confidence': 1.4509803921568627, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We friendships for more than 10 years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the location of taking something.', 'confidence': 1.4500000000000055, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm always dreaming to get my English composition proofread by English native speakers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "crawl" is "crawled," not "crowling."', 'confidence': 1.44815384615389, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 348.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "fag" instead of "work" or "work hard."', 'confidence': 1.4480655737705346, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 352.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was very difficult work because we have to fag overtime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "fag" instead of "work hard" to indicate working overtime.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "also" to indicate joining in addition to enjoying.', 'confidence': 1.4475454545454554, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The next moment we rather become friends with other groups enjoying over there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "According" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.447162910681136, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1223.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 161.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Acording to this , taking a nap is not good for digestion .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: According to this , human 's life can be said to be leisure time to the end .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "enjoyable" instead of "enjoying" to describe the activity.', 'confidence': 1.443962962962965, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 17.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form "to manage" should be followed by a noun or pronoun to indicate the action being taken.', 'confidence': 1.4436842105263192, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 29.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I decided that I manage it as carefully not to break .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "took in" to indicate an understanding or appreciation of a subject.', 'confidence': 1.4433673469388277, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 425.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And he took in my favorite subject like soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Hysterically" when expressing apology or regret.', 'confidence': 1.4425373134328412, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hysterically , I am a well planned person so there are always full of schedules that keep me from anything spontaneous .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Ask" should not be used as a standalone verb.', 'confidence': 1.4424814814814857, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the past tense of the verb "want" to indicate the action in the past.', 'confidence': 1.4410547945205492, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" to indicate a feeling of admiration or respect for something.', 'confidence': 1.441000000000034, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 271.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am impressed my life at there very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "sing" should be in the gerund form "singing" to indicate an ongoing action.', 'confidence': 1.4410000000000065, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 54.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" before the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 1.440767964889084, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 158.33333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.6666666666666666, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This solution is easy to say , but not easy to implement .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are looking forward to seeing you and your children someday somewhere .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: and when we were going to sit in a truck , frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I came back to home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I will go to hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the location of an activity.'}, {'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the location of an activity when referring to a specific place.'}]
[{'content': '"Favorite" should be followed by a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.4400000000000204, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 174.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "suffering" instead of "were suffered" to indicate the ongoing nature of the action.', 'confidence': 1.439825242718487, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 306.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 60.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We thought that it was not good to have a satisfied days when people in the damaged area were suffered .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "wear" is "wore," not "worn."', 'confidence': 1.4385853658536694, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 94.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The top of the mountain was very cold although I worn a snowboard wear .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "wore" instead of "worn" to indicate the past tense of wearing something.'}]
[{'content': '"Japaneseonly" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.438444444444445, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the separation between two things or people.', 'confidence': 1.4381728395061804, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 67.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One thing I unsatisfy to live here is that I 'm separated from my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "After that" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.4356923076923596, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 412.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 60.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "postgraduate" should be used to indicate a course or degree beyond the undergraduate level.', 'confidence': 1.4353170731707616, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 249.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "moring" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "morning."', 'confidence': 1.4350909090909392, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 240.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: - In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a colon instead of slashes to separate the title and date.', 'confidence': 1.431459459459461, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 110.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: [ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today I saw a movie - Twilight .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "election campaign," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.4311428571428602, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 23.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Mayer is busy with election campaign and his own work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "stuff" instead of "staff."', 'confidence': 1.4291176470588527, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 243.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Listening to music" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 1.4282608695652228, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 47.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Listening to music\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "furniture" as a non-countable noun.', 'confidence': 1.4282068965517416, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 141.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I have to fix my furnitures to stop slipping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using the verb "touch," specify what is being used to touch the object.', 'confidence': 1.428000000000008, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 66.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They were interested in my notebook and touched it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "host family."', 'confidence': 1.42742372881357, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 91.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Freewheeling" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.4262857142857186, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I know Backpacker is always freewheeling .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "is a cool" instead of "is an interesting" to indicate a positive opinion.', 'confidence': 1.4257826086956533, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think this web site is a cool idea .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "dug" instead of "dig" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 1.4251612903226047, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 206.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I have to dug my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the verb usage. The correct form is "listened" instead of "listen" and "looks" instead of "looks like."', 'confidence': 1.4244237288135704, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 98.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "new" with "hairstyle" to indicate a new style of hair.', 'confidence': 1.4238648648649135, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 388.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "no" before a plural noun to indicate the absence of something.', 'confidence': 1.4229175257732005, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although my school was no lecture , I got up early in the morning today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction for "do not" is "don\'t"', 'confidence': 1.4222955774768804, 'success_used': 1.5714285714285716, 'success_unused': 788.7142857142859, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 99.71428571428568, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whe do n't you become friends ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do n't be such a smart person who might lose better things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Why I do n't remember this taste ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I don like it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It does n't mean I 'm not going well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't like fine arts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't want to regard these comments as representing the average intellectual level of the viewer as a whole .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What if I do n't remember what I have studied because of stress and worry !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "don\'t" as the contraction for "do not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "don\'t" should be used instead of "don" to indicate "do not."'}, {'content': 'The contraction for "do not" to "don\'t"'}, {'content': 'The contraction "Don\'t" should be used instead of "Dont" to indicate "do not."'}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "don\'t" as the contraction for "do not."'}, {'content': 'This is a simple contraction of "do not" to "don\'t."'}]
[{'content': '"Very simple" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.421000000000002, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 19.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: very simple things . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Furniture" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 1.4202068965517425, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 150.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I have to fix my furnitures to stop slipping .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Furniture" is already plural and does not need to be followed by "s."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "pray" instead of "prey" to indicate a request for someone\'s thoughts or well-being.', 'confidence': 1.419342105263171, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 110.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Prey for me : D : D\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "pray" instead of "prey" to indicate a request for prayer.'}]
[{'content': '"Stuffs" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 1.4178016472203663, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 416.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The roses grew up and thir flowerpots are too small for them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I bought a lot of stuffs and walked a lot . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Plural noun rule: "Stuffs" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.'}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "grammar" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.4154444444444918, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 386.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 43.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "is" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 1.415162790697686, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 122.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese economy is so bad now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: May it is sunny tommorrow . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "still" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.4148344988345194, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 172.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Still . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Still she has n't recovered from them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "pithier" instead of "pitcher" and "so that" instead of "and."', 'confidence': 1.414139534883737, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 132.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Luckyily" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Luckily."', 'confidence': 1.4137910447761446, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 207.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Just because" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.4134814814814889, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am going to move out to Saitama ( Kanto area ) from here just because I study at the university in Saitama .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" instead of "for" to indicate the remaining time within a specific period.', 'confidence': 1.412809523809536, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 104.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is only 10 days left for this year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "By the way" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.412623537463653, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 179.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 19.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , Do you like study ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: By the way , today I went to guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'A comma should not be used after "By the way" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "heard to" to indicate the action that was heard.', 'confidence': 1.4110000000000236, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 191.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"There remains" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.4103877551020472, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 53.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Well , there remains to get it and check it out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "exercise" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.4090151515151734, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 252.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: it is rainning today ~\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "a lot of" should be replaced with "a lot about" to indicate the topic of conversation.', 'confidence': 1.4088214285714438, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 129.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I saw a lot of funny costumes on the street which has a lot of clubs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "a lot of" should be replaced with "a lot about" to indicate the topic of conversation.'}]
[{'content': '"Great big" should be followed by a specific noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.4084757281553408, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "tomorrow" without the preposition "of" to indicate the following day.', 'confidence': 1.408222222222257, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 275.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tomorrow , I have an English class .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Stentor" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.407914893617035, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 109.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The wife was woken up by my stertor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "hard-days."', 'confidence': 1.4078360655737707, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After my hard - days I am going to go to Belarus , to Minsk )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "listened" to indicate the action being performed.', 'confidence': 1.4068048103607838, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 66.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 7.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The stock prices rise on the next days after Japanese national holidays , vacation weeks ( April 29th to May 5th in spring ; around August 15th in summer ; 19th o 23th September in fall ; 28th December to 3rd January in winter ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "to" after "listen" to indicate the action of listening.'}]
[{'content': '"Korean" should be "Koreans" to indicate the plural form.', 'confidence': 1.405728813559324, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 17.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Korean since Korean often come to my sister 's work place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "foreign country" instead of "foreign country" to indicate the specific location.', 'confidence': 1.404098765432102, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "before" to indicate the time relationship between two events.', 'confidence': 1.403983606557392, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 121.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we have hanami , we have to get place before starting .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Too" should be followed by a specific reason or condition to indicate the extent of something.', 'confidence': 1.403177944862163, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 60.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: However it was too terrible to live .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Too" should be followed by a specific adjective to indicate the extent of something.'}]
[{'content': '"access" should be used instead of "accese."', 'confidence': 1.4024117647058962, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "correct" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.4021632653061782, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 455.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: People help each other learning their languages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I tried to correct Thai language for who wrote in Thai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use the infinitive form of the verb "correct" followed by "to" + base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': '"Ask" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.401724137931051, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 133.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "busy with" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.4007142857142951, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 83.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Mayer is busy with election campaign and his own work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "souse" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "source."', 'confidence': 1.4006405228758758, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 481.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "european" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "European."', 'confidence': 1.4000769230769807, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 467.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 56.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "study" without a preposition to indicate the topic or subject of learning.', 'confidence': 1.399574468085135, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 223.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 37.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But he has no idea that he should study about .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains several grammar errors: misspelling, punctuation, and verb usage.', 'confidence': 1.3994417177914393, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 236.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Fighnaly , Japan won the game , so `` Nadeshiko Japan `` is top team in the world ! ! I was exciting , so I ca n't sleep ; ) But I do n't regret watching soccer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of the verb "dream" is "dreamt"', 'confidence': 1.3993333333333673, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 277.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I dreamed her the night before yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The preposition "with" is not the correct choice in this context.', 'confidence': 1.3989183673469825, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 356.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We talked with each other and enjoyed our meals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "always" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.3987142857142953, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 77.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I always stay there for a long time all day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"synapse" should be used instead of "synaps."', 'confidence': 1.3974117647058968, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 123.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "after all" instead of "afterall" to indicate a contrast or conclusion.', 'confidence': 1.3974098360655822, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 71.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "pollutes" instead of "pollute" to match the subject "radiation."', 'confidence': 1.3970909090909105, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` It 's true that radiation pollute people or vegetables , soil , air and sea more or less .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Especially" when expressing strong emotion.', 'confidence': 1.3954285714286183, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 380.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Especially , in company , there are many relations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Okaxile" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Oaxacile."', 'confidence': 1.3950000000000116, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 98.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Okaxile\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "able to be heard" instead of "can be heard."', 'confidence': 1.3927142857143013, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 126.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Such discussions are able to be heard around Japan now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction " \'re" should be used instead of " \'re" to indicate "are."', 'confidence': 1.392495412844037, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they 're all still made of clay .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "are n\'t" should be "aren\'t" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 1.3920350877193228, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 194.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If my sentences are n't practical correct them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after an interjection such as "By the way" when expressing apology or regret.', 'confidence': 1.3908571428571597, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the way , Do you like study ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "a missing beat at intervals" instead of "missing beats at intervals."', 'confidence': 1.3897179487180211, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 583.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 76.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Then I checked my pulse and found that there was a missing beat at intervals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The half game was score less drow , the second half was drow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "new" with "clothes" to indicate a new style of clothing.', 'confidence': 1.3894146341463496, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 69.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a spelling error. The correct spelling of "Gardening" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.3890000000000011, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Gardenig\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"The" should be used before a specific noun, such as "Catcher," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.3885974025974042, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'I establish a new rule that "Okaxile" should be used in a complete sentence to provide context and additional information.', 'confidence': 1.3865438596491702, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 382.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Culture of shames\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Okaxile\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Okaxile" should be used in a complete sentence to provide context and additional information.'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "wanna" should be used instead of "wanna" to indicate "want to."', 'confidence': 1.386461538461555, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 143.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanna have the six - pack ! ! haha\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "befor" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "before."', 'confidence': 1.3840679611650757, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 211.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "finish" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.3838431372549267, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 199.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I used to lie down on the sofa after finishing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate the relationship between a person and their spouse.', 'confidence': 1.3815742574257823, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 328.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.3815714285714338, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think it 's about for one and half year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use of apostrophe in contractions', 'confidence': 1.381569811625911, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 844.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 116.33333333333333, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I know it 's thick and bitter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's so cute .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know medical word in English very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: They say it 'll be sunny if you make `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I did n't know she is an actress .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope this band did n't become worse yet like many others big ones and I 'll enjoy listening it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at Fukushima reactor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Use apostrophe to indicate contraction'}, {'content': 'Use of apostrophe in contractions'}]
[{'content': 'Subject-verb agreement: Modal verbs like "could" are followed by the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.3804680851064044, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 175.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"noun" should be used instead of "nulln."', 'confidence': 1.377411764705899, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 134.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "Unfortunately" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.3771578947368845, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 339.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at Fukushima reactor .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "practicing" to indicate the ongoing action of working towards a goal.', 'confidence': 1.3760909090909128, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "Tex-Mex."', 'confidence': 1.3757778803971368, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 22.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tex - Mex is a popular food in Texas .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "have" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.3745510204082185, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 441.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Quite" should be "quit" to indicate stopping an action.', 'confidence': 1.3743828828828883, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If I quite checking sites so many often , I think I can save my time more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The word "quite" should be replaced with "quit" to indicate stopping an action.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "slightly" to indicate a small degree of something.', 'confidence': 1.3743103448275868, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 4.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was a little happy day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "want to" to indicate "wanting to."', 'confidence': 1.3740000000000139, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I watched without any want to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of "understand" is "understood," and the contraction for "did not" is "didn\'t."', 'confidence': 1.3731651376147256, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 387.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "source" instead of "sauce."', 'confidence': 1.3731012658228372, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 427.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "a long time ago" to indicate the time period.', 'confidence': 1.3730980392156895, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 66.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For long time , I did n't see her .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "He \'s" should be "he is" to indicate the present tense.', 'confidence': 1.3725661936978781, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 417.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It 's very lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "He\'s" should be used instead of "He \'s" to indicate "He is."'}]
[{'content': 'Infinitive form of the verb "drink" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.3706666666667022, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 439.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "20st" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "20th."', 'confidence': 1.3706666666666993, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 264.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Ending" should be followed by a specific noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.3680000000000034, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Here is ending .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I \'ll" instead of "I\'ll"', 'confidence': 1.3672553191489403, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Snorkel" should not be used as a standalone verb.', 'confidence': 1.3672173913043697, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 175.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We enjoyed snorkel !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Plese" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Please."', 'confidence': 1.3666867469879578, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 49.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "both" with the plural form "ways" to indicate two different options.', 'confidence': 1.366127659574505, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 309.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Both way have its merits and disadvantages .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling is "stir-fry" not "stair-fry."', 'confidence': 1.3648888888889246, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 291.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Stair - fry it until it became golden brown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is a rule in English grammar that states when referring to wearing an item of clothing, the preposition "on" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.3647407407407597, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 427.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "regrateful" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "regretful."', 'confidence': 1.3634146341463524, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 92.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "friend \'s" should be used instead of "friend \'s" to indicate "friend\'s."', 'confidence': 1.3629459459460103, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 519.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 64.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The following is my friend 's diary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "English" is misspelled. Spelling error: "bad" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.3620000000000427, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 342.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 46.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My english is very bed .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "wemt" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "went."', 'confidence': 1.361101694915321, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 544.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 61.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "alcohol" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.3609603960396308, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 219.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 24.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One of them is drinking alchole outside , because most countries do n't seem to be allowed to drink .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'It is important to use "to a new job" to indicate the specific action being taken by the teacher.', 'confidence': 1.3584680851064068, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 193.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My teacher is going to move to change his job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "ate" instead of "chewed" for consuming something that cannot be chewed', 'confidence': 1.358444444444509, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 523.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" before a specific location to indicate direction or movement.', 'confidence': 1.358098765432107, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 66.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of the verb "seek" is "sought," not "seeked."', 'confidence': 1.357387755102053, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 104.66666666666667, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.333333333333333, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was a job I seeked from the news paper .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The past tense of "seek" is "sought."'}, {'content': 'The past tense form of "seek" is "sought," not "seeked."'}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "take" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.3559444444445092, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 538.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 50.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm glad to took it back .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to take" should be used instead of "to took" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'The word "that" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 1.3556896551724429, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 242.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So he will try to study about something in that his time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a colon to separate the hours and minutes in a time format.', 'confidence': 1.3549848484848588, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 82.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today I woke up 7 . 30a .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 : 25 a . m . at JST\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a colon instead of a period to separate the hours and minutes in the time.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "wanderful" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "wonderful."', 'confidence': 1.3540000000000656, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 522.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 74.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oh , how wanderful the college life is !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of a comma after introductory adverbs such as "recently."', 'confidence': 1.3539148936170409, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 155.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But recently , I wanted to speak English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "made me heart broken" should be "broke my heart" to indicate the emotional impact of the action.', 'confidence': 1.3532424242424321, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 62.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "why" to introduce a restrictive relative clause.', 'confidence': 1.352859649122828, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 174.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I asked someone about why they were not here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"New" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.3528513513513567, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 44.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: New computer\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "new" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" to indicate the creation of friendships or relationships.', 'confidence': 1.350545454545466, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The next moment we rather become friends with other groups enjoying over there .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Headache" should not be used as a standalone noun without a verb to indicate the subject\'s condition.', 'confidence': 1.3496153846153884, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 30.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "they\'re" should be used to indicate "they are."', 'confidence': 1.3458181818181858, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they 're all still made of clay .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "play" to indicate participation in a sport or game.', 'confidence': 1.345000000000017, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 141.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will show a soccer at midnight\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "shft" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "shift."', 'confidence': 1.3440000000000611, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 489.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 67.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had to shft to better one , more fruitful one , even obeying that inertia .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "I am stressed" to indicate the current state of being stressed.', 'confidence': 1.3440000000000034, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "close to" to indicate the proximity of something.', 'confidence': 1.3410000000000037, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 29.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "but" to introduce a contrast or concession in a sentence.', 'confidence': 1.3410000000000037, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "off-line."', 'confidence': 1.3401126760563393, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There are many products that are more cheaper than off - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "it looks like" with a subject to indicate the appearance of something.', 'confidence': 1.3400000000000065, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 53.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use "evidence" as a non-countable noun, and use "pieces of evidence" to indicate multiple pieces.', 'confidence': 1.3398568832349456, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 426.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There are two evidences for this : movements and discussions .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Rule: Use "pieces of" before "evidence" to indicate multiple pieces of evidence.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use "incorrectly" instead of "wrong words" to describe speaking a language with errors.', 'confidence': 1.3394671227253356, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 639.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 86.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on Japanese newspapers frequently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This year , I have challenged to study English again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: One thing I unsatisfy to live here is that I 'm separated from my family .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "incorrectly" instead of "wrong words" to describe speaking a language with errors.'}]
[{'content': 'Present tense verb "ask" is used to express a current opinion or belief.', 'confidence': 1.3379090909091078, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 131.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the past participle form of the verb "base" to indicate that the plan was in a broken down state.', 'confidence': 1.3375714285714386, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 82.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It will be base after she will go to new school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Japaneseonly" instead of "Japanese-only" to indicate exclusivity.', 'confidence': 1.3354444444444564, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 97.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "than" to indicate a comparison between two groups or entities.', 'confidence': 1.33528169014085, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 40.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There are many products that are more cheaper than off - line stores .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "read" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.3341266545519965, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 207.5, 'failure_used': 0.25, 'failure_unused': 22.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Infinitive form rule: The infinitive form "to read" should be used instead of "reading" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'Use the infinitive form "to read" should be used instead of "reading" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}, {'content': 'The infinitive form "to read" should be used instead of "read" to indicate the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': '"Sings" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.331428571428584, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 104.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "listening" instead of "lithening" to indicate the action of hearing.', 'confidence': 1.3288387096774223, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "onto" after the verb "hooked" to indicate the action of becoming addicted or obsessed with something.', 'confidence': 1.3285897435897893, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 368.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Standalone adverbs should not be used without a subject or context.', 'confidence': 1.3273333333333341, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "which need" instead of "which needed" to indicate the past tense.', 'confidence': 1.3265555555555588, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "earth quake" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "earthquake."', 'confidence': 1.3256504854369247, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 251.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after introductory adverbs such as "finally."', 'confidence': 1.3229411764705916, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Finally I decided to practice it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Simple" should be used before a singular noun to indicate a positive opinion.', 'confidence': 1.3205490196078489, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 49.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because it was much simple than Korea method .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "Tex-Mex."', 'confidence': 1.3200000000000087, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 70.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tex - Mex\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "apparently" to indicate a subjective opinion or perception.', 'confidence': 1.318634146341474, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 89.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Apparently , the world is lopsided .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "into" to indicate the direction of an action.', 'confidence': 1.318000000000009, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 77.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Lack" should be followed by "of" and a noun to indicate the absence of something.', 'confidence': 1.3175217391304392, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 32.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanted to do sowing of Violas but starting pots was lack , so I would go to Home Depo again tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "is able to" to indicate the possibility of something happening.', 'confidence': 1.3173333333333352, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It ( is able to / may ) rain at any moment .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "into level" should be replaced with "into levels" to indicate multiple levels.', 'confidence': 1.3170689655172574, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 134.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "just" or "only" to indicate exclusivity, not both together.', 'confidence': 1.3163333333333354, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 17.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I want to say is no future in just only the strong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Listening" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.3156666666666776, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 95.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Listening to music\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "belongs to" to indicate membership in a group or organization.', 'confidence': 1.3120000000000185, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 151.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hamada birong to Liberal Democratic Party .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Most" should be followed by an adjective or adverb to modify.', 'confidence': 1.3120000000000043, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 34.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "the" should be used before a specific noun, such as "weather forecast."', 'confidence': 1.3118888888889217, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 423.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: yesterday I saw weather forecast\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "real" should be used to describe physical objects or experiences, while "true" should be used to indicate the truthfulness of a statement.', 'confidence': 1.3102093023256394, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 466.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 61.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "let \'s" instead of "let\'s" to indicate "let us."', 'confidence': 1.3094054054054158, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 87.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: OK , let 's all for my first entry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the past tense verb "met" to indicate the action that has already occurred.', 'confidence': 1.309310344827594, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I meet a friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"should n\'t" should be "shouldn\'t" to indicate "should not."', 'confidence': 1.3090689655172583, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 142.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "in same level" should be replaced with "in the same level" to indicate a specific level.', 'confidence': 1.3090689655172583, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 139.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "favorite" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.3082641509434683, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 584.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 70.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after an introductory phrase.', 'confidence': 1.3076607929515687, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 214.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "is a member of" to indicate affiliation with a political party.', 'confidence': 1.3053103448275944, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 61.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hamada birong to Liberal Democratic Party .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "it\'ll" should be used instead of "it \'ll" to indicate "it will."', 'confidence': 1.304692307692308, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 3.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wish it 'll be sunny . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "high-priced."', 'confidence': 1.303883720930258, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 212.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Another is high - priced tuition .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "ladies" should be possessive, so it should be "ladies\'."', 'confidence': 1.3038549618320991, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 315.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "challange" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "challenge."', 'confidence': 1.303500000000001, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: T `` is challange time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Also" should be used before a coordinating conjunction to connect two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 1.302333333333337, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And my cousins are fine also .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Hard" should be used to indicate the difficulty of something, while "funny" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.2993707865168544, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 4.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "remainder," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 1.2979622641509585, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But remainder of its games is 9 games .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "long" with "break" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.2970000000000224, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I had long breaktime .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "draw" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.2964175824176138, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 257.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Korean" as a noun, not as an adjective, and use a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.2957288135593361, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 120.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Korean since Korean often come to my sister 's work place .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "being recovered" instead of "being recovering" to indicate the passive voice.', 'confidence': 1.2948034188034323, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "with" after "satisfied" to indicate what the satisfaction is related to.', 'confidence': 1.2936470588235423, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 177.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This show features with `` Parents dating Guys `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "with" after "satisfied" to indicate the reason for satisfaction.'}]
[{'content': 'An exclamation mark should be used to indicate laughter or excitement.', 'confidence': 1.292333333333338, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 38.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: haha ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "back" after "came" to indicate the return to a previous location.', 'confidence': 1.2883333333333384, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 40.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I came back to home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Hi" should not be used as a standalone pronoun without a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.2843333333333389, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: hi\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "met" instead of "meet" to indicate an action that occurred in the past.', 'confidence': 1.2843103448275968, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 90.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I meet a friend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of spending" instead of "of spend" to form the gerund after the phrase "sick of."', 'confidence': 1.2836666666666812, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 124.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'past tense of "have" is "had"', 'confidence': 1.281386817612399, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 365.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 44.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I think I 'll spent quite some playing it in the next few weeks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The past tense of "have" is "had."'}]
[{'content': '"Arriving" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.2810000000000095, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 124.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I expect the arriving would be happen very soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Halloween\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "travel."', 'confidence': 1.2809696969697077, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 106.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns are used when referring to more than one of something.', 'confidence': 1.2799420728439754, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 236.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thank my ear for my survival until now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like comedy story and history story .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The sounds of the steps\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oversleep\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We 've known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use plural nouns to indicate more than one of something.'}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "Anyway" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.2780876181704695, 'success_used': 4.0, 'success_unused': 981.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 109.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway I did my best more than I could and finished .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway I enjoyed a lot ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Vessel" should not be used as a standalone noun.', 'confidence': 1.2765714285714453, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 136.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Vessel\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "Japanese-only."', 'confidence': 1.276444444444463, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 151.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "look like" to compare nouns or pronouns, while "as" should be used to indicate a specific example or comparison.', 'confidence': 1.2760000000000136, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 109.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It looks like some jewelries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on" before a specific amount of money to indicate the standard of living', 'confidence': 1.275448051948067, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 129.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On the other side of the world , a great number of people live in less than 1 dollar .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: On Saturday we went to a club after drinking .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "on" before a specific amount of money to indicate the standard of living.'}]
[{'content': 'When expressing a fraction, the numerator and denominator should be clearly indicated to form a complete and grammatically correct sentence.', 'confidence': 1.2733002028397777, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 170.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Almost all students . 3 / 4 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the superlative form "best" to compare different degrees of quality.', 'confidence': 1.273000000000036, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 287.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Which is the good for MMA fighter to be strong or to win ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" followed by the base form of the verb to indicate the action being prayed for.', 'confidence': 1.272000000000001, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 7.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "no lectures" to indicate the absence of classes.', 'confidence': 1.2714896907216673, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 145.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although my school was no lecture , I got up early in the morning today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "no lectures" to indicate the absence of classes.'}]
[{'content': 'There is a rule in English grammar that states that adjectives should come before the noun they modify. In the original sentence, "simple" should come before "ideas" to follow this rule. However, the original sentence is still grammatically correct as it is.', 'confidence': 1.2691836734694637, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 615.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 75.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We just have simple ideas about complex objects .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "puching" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "punching."', 'confidence': 1.2683333333333406, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 61.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He has been accused of puching a man while drunk recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Puching" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "punching."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "listened to" to indicate the action of listening to something specific.', 'confidence': 1.2668333333333477, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': "The possessive form of singular noun is formed by adding 's.", 'confidence': 1.2667384960718555, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 370.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.666666666666664, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: His Kanji 's ability is much better than me .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The lesson 's topic was Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow will be sports day of my daughter 's school .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Child 's First Errand\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The possessive form of a singular noun is formed by adding an apostrophe and an "s".'}, {'content': "Rule: Possessive form of singular noun is formed by adding 's"}]
[{'content': '"Pray" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.2656923076923123, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 38.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "controlled by" to indicate the action of being controlled.', 'confidence': 1.2653333333333519, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 158.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "students" should be spelled as "students."', 'confidence': 1.2647288135593395, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 145.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Private people" should be replaced with "private individuals" to refer to the sellers.', 'confidence': 1.2595882352941188, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "the usages" instead of "the use."', 'confidence': 1.2502307692307824, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on Japanese newspapers frequently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "home work" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "homework."', 'confidence': 1.2501818181818258, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 63.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Which is important I \' am" instead of "Which is more important, me or your work?"', 'confidence': 1.2501467889908395, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is the thing which often Japanese wives say `` Which is important I ' am or your work ! `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Still she hasn\'t recovered from them?" instead of "Still, hasn\'t she recovered from them?"', 'confidence': 1.250000000000033, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 258.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Still she has n't recovered from them ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate a relationship between "Epidemy" and "Cool."', 'confidence': 1.25, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Epidemy of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction for "got to" is "gotta" in informal English.', 'confidence': 1.2497777777778358, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 477.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 51.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I got ta get the intercom .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a comma before a non-restrictive relative clause to separate it from the main clause.', 'confidence': 1.2469401709403012, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 1066.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 133.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The classes these days are difficult for me , so I have to study very hard . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: You think the second one was different ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma before a non-restrictive relative clause to separate it from the main clause.'}]
[{'content': '"In" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.2467777777777793, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 27.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 3.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In black\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Kinabalu in Borneo Island .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"In" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an interjection such as "Er" when expressing hesitation or uncertainty.', 'confidence': 1.2429259259260013, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 598.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 85.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Er . . . but how to start ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'ve" is a combination of "I" and "have" to indicate the present perfect tense.', 'confidence': 1.2420731707317154, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 70.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "learn" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.2404285714285803, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 77.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I learn to speak English and find friends here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "happen" without a subject and a verb.', 'confidence': 1.2391489361702215, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 72.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think that we shoud never happen the war .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "did not and I communicate" instead of "did not communicate."', 'confidence': 1.2318172043010793, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma after an introductory adverb such as "anyway."', 'confidence': 1.231283018867926, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Anyway I did my best more than I could and finished .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "at" to indicate the time of day or night.', 'confidence': 1.2308974358974585, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 178.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: They are illuminated during night .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" instead of "at" to indicate the purpose of an action.', 'confidence': 1.2243333333333366, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This youtube video is so good at symphony of music and image .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper punctuation to avoid excessive use of symbols.', 'confidence': 1.2237692307692316, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 7.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When will my P4 come back ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Which" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.2231009511495772, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 57.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do you remember my journal which I wrote 2 days ago ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "which" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "A little" is used to modify adjectives, while "little" is used to modify nouns.', 'confidence': 1.2175967463909012, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 352.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's or girl 's first errands .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I do n't know medical word in English very much .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Tomorrow I have a little work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"A little" is used to modify adjectives, while "little" is used to modify nouns.'}]
[{'content': 'The use of "improve my poor English" is redundant and can be simplified to "improve my English."', 'confidence': 1.2173225806451693, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 64.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the past participle form of the verb "sow" to indicate the action of planting seeds.', 'confidence': 1.2159130434782783, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 138.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanted to do sowing of Violas but starting pots was lack , so I would go to Home Depo again tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "between" to indicate a comparison between two things.', 'confidence': 1.2140740740740807, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 58.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Infinitive form of the verb "appreciate" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.212000000000056, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 446.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I appreciate to teach English to my daughter .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Comparative adjectives do not need "more" before them.', 'confidence': 1.2117272727272794, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 57.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The more correctly they answer , the more Bingo they can get .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct form is "sick of spending" instead of "sick of spend"', 'confidence': 1.210217391304387, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 310.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" instead of "to" to indicate the recipient of an action.', 'confidence': 1.208149350649355, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 80.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 12.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think it 's about for one and half year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Mayer is cheering Hamada minister of defence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the recipient of the action.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "for example" to introduce a specific example or examples.', 'confidence': 1.2054561403508914, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 113.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example , the customer or the documents from U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: For example . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "shoud" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "should."', 'confidence': 1.1970425531914934, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think that we shoud never happen the war .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "enjoyment" as a non-countable noun.', 'confidence': 1.1960000000000248, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 205.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: we enjoyed well .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma to separate items in a list.', 'confidence': 1.1948279569892601, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "regrateful" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "grateful."', 'confidence': 1.194506329113929, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "pretextes" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "pretexts."', 'confidence': 1.1919839357430004, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 295.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "pretextes" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "pretext."'}]
[{'content': '"Imagine only" should be followed by a gerund to indicate the action being imagined.', 'confidence': 1.1918965517241396, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I imagine only `` cool `` or `` awesome `` or `` dope `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" before a singular noun to specify which one is being referred to.', 'confidence': 1.190000000000003, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 148.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tomorrow I will go to hometown .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "spending" instead of "having" to refer to long holidays', 'confidence': 1.189394366197221, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 302.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I am having my long holidays here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'll spend the next weeks on board of the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel making some geophysical research and learning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "spending" instead of "having" to refer to long holidays.'}]
[{'content': '"Hope" should be followed by a singular countable noun, not a plural noun.', 'confidence': 1.1885882352941213, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 28.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: With knowing comes caring , with caring there is an hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "lunch" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.1872025316456256, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 447.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It recomends us that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "ca n\'t" should be "can\'t" to indicate "cannot."', 'confidence': 1.18556511350061, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 107.33333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.6666666666666666, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It ca n't be told by simple words .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Whe do n't you become friends ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Ca n't I say `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "can\'t" should be used instead of "ca n\'t" to indicate "cannot."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "can\'t" should be used instead of "Ca n\'t" to indicate "cannot."'}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a comma before a coordinating conjunction (and, but, for, nor, or, so, yet) that separates two independent clauses.', 'confidence': 1.1846111805261161, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 383.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I read documentaries , science fictions , mysteries . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: If you come to Fukuoka , please let me know !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a comma before a coordinating conjunction (and, but, for, nor, or, so, yet) that separates two independent clauses.'}]
[{'content': 'Preposition rule: When indicating a location, the preposition "on board" is used to show where something is located.', 'confidence': 1.1827887323943973, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 254.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'll spend the next weeks on board of the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel making some geophysical research and learning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "hooked" does not require the preposition "on" when used in this context.', 'confidence': 1.1814516129032946, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 549.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 76.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hooked on the American dvds .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very expensive" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.1771578947368515, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 76.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And the prices are very expensive ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the gerund form "writing" after "dare" instead of "to write"', 'confidence': 1.1760769230769834, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 494.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This time , I dare to write a diary without using my dictionary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "while" to indicate simultaneous actions', 'confidence': 1.17558954539772, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 224.33333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: While I was washing the dishes , he did it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My precious time is the time when I read books taking a bath !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "while" to indicate an action that occurs at the same time as another action.'}, {'content': 'Use "while" to indicate two actions happening at the same time.'}]
[{'content': '"Moved to tears" should be followed by a specific cause or reason for the emotion.', 'confidence': 1.1750000000000027, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He moved to tears when he won .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "short talk" instead of "small talk" to indicate a brief conversation.', 'confidence': 1.1748064516129089, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 49.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Wii" is not a clear verb and should be replaced with a more specific action such as "go" to indicate the movement towards the house.', 'confidence': 1.173000000000003, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now , Wii my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before "whole" to indicate the entire building.', 'confidence': 1.1716829268292817, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "Finally" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.1616363636363638, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Finally , I choose the official web site .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" to indicate the source of something, not "on."', 'confidence': 1.1578888888889032, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 122.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: For example , today I ordered some clothes on the internet shop !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "lie" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.1547022703818988, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 491.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 70.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I used to lie down on the sofa after finishing it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use of the infinitive form of the verb "lie" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "super-intermediate."', 'confidence': 1.152727272727286, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 109.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: super - flu\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "tiring" to indicate the feeling of being exhausted.', 'confidence': 1.1460000000000252, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 201.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "August" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "August."', 'confidence': 1.144615384615411, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 214.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Election will be done Augst 30 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "everything" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.1443793103448383, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 91.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm going to do everyting for help him as his secretary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "gardening" should be used.', 'confidence': 1.144000000000028, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 234.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Gardenig\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "after" before a duration of time to indicate the passage of time.', 'confidence': 1.142888888888916, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 223.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: After 5 or 10 minutes dance , at last he noticed I 'm a man .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Grammer" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Grammar."', 'confidence': 1.1427425213675342, 'success_used': 0.75, 'success_unused': 113.75, 'failure_used': 0.25, 'failure_unused': 11.75, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Grammer was also wrong . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "gramma" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "grammar."'}, {'content': '"Grammer" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "grammar."'}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "gramer" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "grammar."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "from" followed by a specific location to indicate obstruction or blockage.', 'confidence': 1.1425409836065579, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 5.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I came back home from working today .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "have been doing" to indicate continuous action.', 'confidence': 1.1415000000000197, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 246.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because it has been raining for 3days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` wishing sunshine .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "wanting" instead of "any want" to indicate the absence of desire.', 'confidence': 1.1411818181818378, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 158.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I watched without any want to watch .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "call up" to indicate making a phone call to someone.', 'confidence': 1.1395348837209303, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 0.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will ( call by / call up / call off / call at ) Tom to tell him that we are coming .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" after "challenged" to indicate the action being undertaken.', 'confidence': 1.1383913043478349, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 71.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This year , I have challenged to study English again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "beat" instead of "win" to indicate the victory over an opponent.', 'confidence': 1.1365263157894818, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 67.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm very glad to win Japan team !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use contractions with a specific noun or pronoun to avoid ambiguity', 'confidence': 1.1355396825397033, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 343.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But it 's like\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I want to get friends here and have my compositions corrected .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But I can study English through this .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use contractions with a specific noun or pronoun to avoid ambiguity'}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "dream" should be followed by "of" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.1340000000000403, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 335.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm always dreaming to get my English composition proofread by English native speakers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Present continuous tense is used to describe actions or situations that are happening now, at the moment of speaking.', 'confidence': 1.1340000000000394, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 403.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , my country is rainy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: When you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Shopping" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate the activity being enjoyed.', 'confidence': 1.132846153846156, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 21.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in Seoul I used to shopping on website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "recentry" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "recently."', 'confidence': 1.1326233766234035, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 226.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles 's `` Hit the Road Jack `` song recentry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "that" instead of "as even" to introduce a restrictive clause.', 'confidence': 1.1289130434782657, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 41.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is as famous as even I know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "these days" to indicate the current time period', 'confidence': 1.1276829268292865, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 147.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Great" should be used before a singular noun to indicate a positive opinion.', 'confidence': 1.1264871794871854, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 44.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Quotation marks should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 1.121912280701768, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 178.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 14.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Quotation marks should not be used to indicate a standalone sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" to indicate the area of study for a degree.', 'confidence': 1.1192791783380112, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 149.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 12.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I took a bachelor 's degree of these subjects at the university .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"In" should be used to indicate the area of study for a degree.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "epidemy" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "epidemy."', 'confidence': 1.1185000000000145, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 117.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Epidemy of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The correct spelling of "epidemy" is "epidemy."'}]
[{'content': 'Hyphen vs. Dash rule', 'confidence': 1.117545454545492, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 384.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: super - flu\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The second solution is pension reform to control the exploding cost of old - age payouts .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of the verb "want" is "wanted," not "wantet."', 'confidence': 1.116666666666672, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 47.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use a period at the end of a declarative sentence.', 'confidence': 1.1100237507816302, 'success_used': 1.5, 'success_unused': 771.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 109.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Please correct these sentences !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am new here\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like math .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I asked someone about why they were not here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: w\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Can you believe it ? ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: - Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I 'm fine now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a period at the end of a declarative sentence.'}, {'content': 'Rule: End a declarative sentence with a period.'}, {'content': 'Use a period at the end of a sentence.'}]
[{'content': '"Still" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.108135135135138, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm still in the 20 's .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma instead of a hyphen to indicate the duration of time.', 'confidence': 1.1080731707317302, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate support or encouragement for someone.', 'confidence': 1.1076666666666841, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 137.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Mayer is cheering Hamada minister of defence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: When using a number to describe a noun, it should be written as a word rather than a numeral.', 'confidence': 1.104653846153847, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 211.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 30.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Arrangements\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: So I took three - day weekend .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'When using a number to describe a noun, it should be written as a word rather than a numeral.'}]
[{'content': 'The apostrophe should be used to indicate a contraction, not a possessive form.', 'confidence': 1.1036229508197006, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 382.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Uhh , it 's raining !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: 3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling rule: "physically" is spelled with a "c" not an "s"', 'confidence': 1.1035000000000696, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 560.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 74.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: An abstract concept of hapiness\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: But that isn ` t postopned .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sumo champion , called yokozuna , is required to be strong not only phisically , but also spiritually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "physically" is spelled with a "c" not an "s"'}]
[{'content': 'No errors found.', 'confidence': 1.0992682834407055, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 96.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Play\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Irregular heartbeat\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I might have suffered from heatstroke .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "because" to indicate the cause of a feeling or emotion.', 'confidence': 1.0990000000000029, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 22.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "heart" instead of "ear" to express gratitude.', 'confidence': 1.0970384615384796, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 153.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thank my ear for my survival until now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use "heart" instead of "ear" to indicate gratitude.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Whe" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Why."', 'confidence': 1.0968064516129175, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 15.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Whe do n't you become friends ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So lovely" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 1.0953913043478396, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 112.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He was so lovely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "new" with "knowledge" to indicate a new style of hair.', 'confidence': 1.0911818181818433, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 198.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Same" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.086121212121226, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 118.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's same question .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "although" to introduce a contrast or concession in a sentence.', 'confidence': 1.082519358167744, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 225.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "grateful" instead of "regrateful" to express gratitude.', 'confidence': 1.0793333333333615, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 227.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Sommer" is not a proper noun and should not be capitalized.', 'confidence': 1.0763333333333343, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I love Sommer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "want" is "wanted."', 'confidence': 1.0750000000000137, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 118.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My NY life is getting change .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I wantet to more study .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "seems" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 1.0749090909090926, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 14.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It seems to be their first task .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "no longer" to indicate the absence of a previous condition.', 'confidence': 1.0740000000000096, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 80.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was disappointed that I was not young already !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "thirty minutes past" to indicate the time.', 'confidence': 1.0707317073170843, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 95.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm got up at thirty past 6am in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"A lot" should be followed by "of" and a noun to indicate a large quantity.', 'confidence': 1.0679114219114227, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 51.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So there are a lot to see .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I made mistakes a lot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We enjoyed so much this trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Play" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.0660000000000147, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 118.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Play\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "language" instead of "languages" to indicate the study of a specific language.', 'confidence': 1.0640000000000238, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 195.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Seldom" should be followed by a specific noun or pronoun to indicate what is being modified.', 'confidence': 1.063767441860466, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 6.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We seldom research something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "whole" before the noun it modifies.', 'confidence': 1.059682926829294, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 214.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "countless" to indicate a large number.', 'confidence': 1.0456530612244994, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 81.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "about" to indicate the purpose or benefit of an action.', 'confidence': 1.0431089108910943, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm worried if I can commute to my office tomorrow morning .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "challenge" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.0425000000000297, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 241.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: T `` is challange time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The subject of a sentence is necessary for it to be grammatically correct.', 'confidence': 1.0410000000000026, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 442.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 42.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Nice to meet you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Now , Wii my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "gives" to indicate the singular form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.0370000000000268, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 222.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "dairy" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 1.0347365591398163, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 260.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 26.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: dairy\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Spelling error: "dairy" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "diary."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "now" instead of "already" to indicate the timing of the improvisation.', 'confidence': 1.034000000000003, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect what I CAN play like that I did .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of "rytmycal" is a spelling error. The correct spelling is "rhythmic."', 'confidence': 1.0326363636363727, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 76.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A comma should not be used after "More than" as it is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 1.0232352941176543, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 59.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: More than , I should more consideration for her feelings once more .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "little" to indicate a small amount', 'confidence': 1.023088241113244, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 318.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 33.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the present continuous tense to indicate ongoing actions.', 'confidence': 1.0205340314136189, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 52.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Adjectives have comparative and superlative forms to compare different degrees of the quality they describe. The comparative form is used to compare two things, while the superlative form is used to compare three or more things.', 'confidence': 1.0197391279744836, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 501.3333333333333, 'failure_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'failure_unused': 68.66666666666666, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Exams are the worst thing in life : D , It really is\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The taxes in Japan are relatively higher than those in most of other developed countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because I could feel more safe and comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Adjectives have comparative and superlative forms to compare different degrees of the quality they describe.'}, {'content': 'Adjectives have comparative and superlative forms to compare different degrees of the quality they describe. The superlative form is used to compare three or more things.'}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before "little" to indicate a singular noun.', 'confidence': 1.0188235294117691, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Tomorrow I have a little work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "should" should be followed by the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 1.0182272727272985, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 228.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should to study again .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Where does he stands ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use the infinitive form of the verb "should" followed by the base form of the verb.'}]
[{'content': '"Owe" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 1.0179230769230834, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 55.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her progress owe to you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "Couldn\'t" is the correct contraction for "could not."', 'confidence': 1.011344537815146, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 206.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Even if they are strong but they sometimes counld n't win .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I hope I wo n't get cold . : )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Couldn\'t" is the correct contraction for "could not."'}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "I\'m" should be used instead of "I \'m" to indicate "I am." The past tense of the verb "dream" is "dreamt"', 'confidence': 1.006270072992733, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 265.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Final" should be used in its plural form "finals" to indicate the championship match.', 'confidence': 1.0040000000000133, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for being late" to indicate the reason for the apology.', 'confidence': 0.9940154330764361, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 231.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"For being late" should be used to indicate the reason for the apology.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I \'m got up" instead of "I got up" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 0.988731707317092, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 162.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm got up at thirty past 6am in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "changing" instead of "change" to indicate the action of becoming different.', 'confidence': 0.988, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My NY life is getting change .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "since" without specifying the time frame.', 'confidence': 0.988, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 12.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was so surprised and sad .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "should" instead of "shoud" to indicate obligation or duty.', 'confidence': 0.9870425531915151, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 221.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I think that we shoud never happen the war .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" followed by the gerund form "spending" instead of the infinitive form "spend"', 'confidence': 0.9866240786240821, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 172.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wanted to do repotting of my roses .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A single letter should not be used as a standalone sentence.', 'confidence': 0.9829099099099099, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: E .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: english class is test : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: The future tense form of "move" is "is going to move".', 'confidence': 0.9788703703703725, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 252.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am going to move out to Saitama ( Kanto area ) from here just because I study at the university in Saitama .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My teacher is going to move to change his job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The future tense form of "move" is "is going to move".'}]
[{'content': '"Washing" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.9762352941176569, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 106.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I washing ended , it was evening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" before a specific website or platform to indicate the location of an activity.', 'confidence': 0.9702727272727523, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 228.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 29.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "private individuals" or "private sellers" instead of "private people" to specify who is selling the clothes.', 'confidence': 0.962356321839112, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 291.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "spur" should be followed by the infinitive form of the verb "create" to convey the intended meaning.', 'confidence': 0.9597368421053066, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 390.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We have to spur the economy to supply works and money in the area .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Small" should be used to indicate the size of something, while "short" should be used to indicate the duration of an activity.', 'confidence': 0.958741935483871, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "Israel" should be used.', 'confidence': 0.9584999999999999, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It says He is in Isreal now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Proper spelling and punctuation should be used for the word "Israel."'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "did not and" instead of "I did not."', 'confidence': 0.9573010752688397, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 221.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in case" to indicate a specific contingency or situation.', 'confidence': 0.9523333333333426, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 115.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 16.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I made an emergency bag in case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Indefinite article rule', 'confidence': 0.9470769230769226, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 421.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: `` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal group .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was looking for English class around here .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "cancel" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "cancel."', 'confidence': 0.945741935483871, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 20.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But we cancei that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "cancei" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "cancel."', 'confidence': 0.9361935483871001, 'success_used': 1.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 157.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 14.333333333333334, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: But we cancei that .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Cancei" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "cancel."'}, {'content': '"Cancel" is the correct spelling of the verb, not "cancei."'}]
[{'content': '"Very free" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.9339999999999999, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 62.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Today , I was very free .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "reconsider" without "about" to indicate reconsideration.', 'confidence': 0.9333061224490088, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 297.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I need to reconsider about how to use a time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Everyday" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.9322156862745113, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 101.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: song everyday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Everyday learning !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': '"Everyday" is an adjective and should be used to describe a noun, not as a standalone word.'}]
[{'content': 'Subject-Verb agreement: Modal verbs like "owe" are followed by the base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 0.9319230769230852, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 132.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Her progress owe to you .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Final" should be followed by a specific noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 0.9285217391304348, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 24.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "leave" to indicate the action of departing or exiting.', 'confidence': 0.9284615384615424, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 101.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: he must leave the power because he got sick .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" to indicate a range of dates.', 'confidence': 0.9278206207290269, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 389.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 35.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The stock prices rise on the next days after Japanese national holidays , vacation weeks ( April 29th to May 5th in spring ; around August 15th in summer ; 19th o 23th September in fall ; 28th December to 3rd January in winter ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Japaneseonly" as one word instead of "Japanese-only" with a hyphen.', 'confidence': 0.9272710729925521, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 257.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And , I will try to use the E - bay , as soon as possible !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "Wii" as a verb to indicate the action of playing a Wii game.', 'confidence': 0.9243333333333479, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Now , Wii my house .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Really" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.922972972972973, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 46.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am a really hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Unnecessary quotation marks should be removed from the end of the sentence.', 'confidence': 0.921962962962963, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 37.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'In English, a complete sentence should end with a punctuation mark, such as a period, question mark, or exclamation point. Punctuation should not have a space before it.', 'confidence': 0.9198048618048619, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: 2010 . 3 . 26\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as "summer" should not be capitalized unless they are at the beginning of a sentence.', 'confidence': 0.9189999999999999, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 76.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I love Sommer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "inevitably" to indicate the inevitability of an action, but it is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 0.9154545454545503, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 119.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Inevitably , I should go to DamYang by bus .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper nouns such as the name of a specific location, such as "Israel," should be capitalized.', 'confidence': 0.9145172413793102, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 47.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It says He is in Isreal now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of the verb "explode" is "exploded," not "exploded."', 'confidence': 0.9133333333333701, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 384.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'So should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.9095454545454545, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So I called The hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling rule: "Baseball" is spelled with an "e" not an "a"', 'confidence': 0.9035714285714757, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 470.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Basaballgame\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "She \'s" should be used instead of "She\'s" to indicate "She is."', 'confidence': 0.9025966105740655, 'success_used': 0.3333333333333333, 'success_unused': 183.33333333333334, 'failure_used': 0.6666666666666666, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum but that is not the reason .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The contraction "she \'s" should be "she\'s" to indicate "she is."'}, {'content': 'The contraction "she\'s" should be used instead of "she \'s" to indicate "she is."'}]
[{'content': 'The verb "listen" is typically followed by the preposition "to" to indicate the action of hearing something. In this case, "listened to" is the correct usage to convey the intended meaning.', 'confidence': 0.9010000000000412, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 425.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper capitalization for brand names such as "Lang-8."', 'confidence': 0.9008256272029986, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 156.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I wish we were on lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "failed" to indicate the action of not passing the examination.', 'confidence': 0.9005217391304348, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 52.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One day , I was failed to pass the examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"PS" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.8959999999999999, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 98.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: PS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The grammar error in the original sentence is the use of "de" instead of "the" before "main character."', 'confidence': 0.8910344827586679, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 473.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 67.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is de main character , although appearing others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and the Caesar 's grandfather .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Real" should be used before a singular countable noun, not a plural noun.', 'confidence': 0.886972972972973, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 75.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am a really hero with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Imperative sentences require a subject, which is usually implied to be "you."', 'confidence': 0.883641025641077, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 516.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 76.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: ( I think no doubt about illegal . )\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Enjoy !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Oh god .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "small talk" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "short talk."', 'confidence': 0.8807419354838709, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 79.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "exercise" and "grammar" should be used.', 'confidence': 0.8738333333333356, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 127.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the plural form "ears" to indicate both ears.', 'confidence': 0.8735384615384901, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 348.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I thank my ear for my survival until now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a period instead of a colon to indicate the end of the abbreviation.', 'confidence': 0.8725714285714284, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 136.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hello .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PS .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "in" instead of "of" to indicate the area of study.', 'confidence': 0.869764705882353, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 37.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I took a bachelor 's degree of these subjects at the university .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use of the gerund form "writing" after "first time" instead of "to write"', 'confidence': 0.8689016393442619, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 418.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: This is my first time to write diary on the internet .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A specific topic or subject should be included after the verb "became" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 0.8628648648648649, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 2.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We became friends soon .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "why" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 0.8518571428571583, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 259.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: That 's why , I started it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "as" to compare different degrees of quality.', 'confidence': 0.8495217391304347, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 99.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is as famous as even I know .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no grammar error in the given sentence. The sentence is grammatically correct as it is.', 'confidence': 0.8435384615384952, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 511.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 79.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I can ' t live without music !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: He was fine but bored with his work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: it is like human life .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Good words\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "of" to indicate the reason for something, not "from."', 'confidence': 0.8428333333333374, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 153.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 25.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm study of English was started .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I 'm always dreaming to get my English composition proofread by English native speakers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past tense of "get" is "gave"', 'confidence': 0.8412392344497606, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 278.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , I had sleeped only two hours .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "fortunately" should be used.', 'confidence': 0.8376666666666738, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 210.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 19.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So much" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.8354848484848484, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 13.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We enjoyed so much this trip .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The verb "challenge" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.8275223880597014, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 65.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The past participle form of "wash" is "washed," not "washing."', 'confidence': 0.8273529411764751, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 52.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I washing ended , it was evening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Innovative" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Innovative."', 'confidence': 0.8202961492860633, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 156.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 18.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The correct spelling of "innovative" should be used.'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "houars" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "hours."', 'confidence': 0.8191666666666667, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 33.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "exersise" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "exercise."', 'confidence': 0.8141666666666667, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 39.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "arrive" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 0.8110351859256295, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 184.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I expect the arriving would be happen very soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Hint" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.803076923076923, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 102.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 18.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: hint : in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Quotation marks should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 0.7993011192816747, 'success_used': 5.0, 'success_unused': 426.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I imagine only `` cool `` or `` awesome `` or `` dope `` .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: OMG\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` C .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: What is the ``\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "was failed" instead of "failed" to indicate past tense.', 'confidence': 0.7979999999999998, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 176.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 26.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: One day , I was failed to pass the examination .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "manage" instead of "would manage" to indicate a future action.', 'confidence': 0.7970471437406698, 'success_used': 2.0, 'success_unused': 313.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 34.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I decided that I manage it as carefully not to break .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use the gerund form "washing" after "finished" instead of "to wash"', 'confidence': 0.7932352941176567, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 256.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I washing ended , it was evening .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "oppotunity" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "opportunity."', 'confidence': 0.7922093023255813, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 42.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Sounds" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.7833265306122449, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 33.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The sounds of the steps\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no grammar error', 'confidence': 0.7819138105811636, 'success_used': 3.0, 'success_unused': 1117.0, 'failure_used': 1.5, 'failure_unused': 148.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I am new here\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Thanks for reading .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My MP4 is broken .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: First entry\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I had been wondering what she was doing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I am a hero .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Then I know Backpacker is always freewheeling .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: And finally , she released a new song !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: : (\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'There is no grammar error.'}]
[{'content': '"Clened" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "cleaned."', 'confidence': 0.7815238095238095, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 27.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 1.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , I clened my room very hard .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "and" to indicate simultaneous actions.', 'confidence': 0.7814358974358973, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 109.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "grammar" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 0.7809999999999998, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 196.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 23.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Grammer was also wrong . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Another" should be used before a singular noun, while "other" should be used before a plural noun.', 'confidence': 0.7772258064516129, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 106.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 20.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I was worried , whether another people catch my numbers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Recently" is not necessary in this context and can be omitted for clarity.', 'confidence': 0.7756170212765956, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 109.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is cloudy or rainy recently .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "after all" to introduce a restrictive clause.', 'confidence': 0.7741818181818181, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I went to sleep after all today too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "taken" to indicate participation in classes.', 'confidence': 0.771050847457627, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 200.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 've made some English classes , actually .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "if" after "believe" to indicate a hypothetical scenario.', 'confidence': 0.7685037420840689, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 259.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 38.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe she can sing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a comma before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)', 'confidence': 0.7648143322187531, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 289.0, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 42.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Sunday Feb 21\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The use of a comma before the time period (e.g. day, night, etc.)'}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "neglections" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "neglects."', 'confidence': 0.7637317073170918, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 359.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: These neglections are sometimes violent .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "said" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.7549999999999998, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 135.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: "Remember" should be used in the past tense when referring to something remembered in the past.', 'confidence': 0.7510886524822815, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 434.5, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: After came back home , I cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The rule is that "Remember" should be used in the past tense when referring to something remembered in the past.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "outdoor seats" instead of "outdoors."', 'confidence': 0.7480000000000218, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 395.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: We sat outdoor seats .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Exclamation marks should not be used with incomplete sentences.', 'confidence': 0.7449047619047618, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt fulfillment !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "many" with "authors" to indicate plural objects.', 'confidence': 0.7431704087507196, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 135.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 14.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "Gen-Mai" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 0.7400000000000135, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 341.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 44.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm Gen - Mai .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Conjunctions should not be used without accompanying words.', 'confidence': 0.735, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 60.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: BUT !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Hyphens should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': 0.7312307692307691, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 36.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: - - - - - - -\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Out of shape" should be followed by a specific verb to indicate the manner in which the action is performed.', 'confidence': 0.7242686567164178, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 20.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "the" should be used before a specific noun, such as "emergency bag."', 'confidence': 0.7193333333333424, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 319.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I made an emergency bag in case .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "liked making" instead of "liked how to make" to indicate the action of enjoying the process.', 'confidence': 0.7162467532467532, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 31.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the past participle form of the verb "pack" to indicate the action in the past.', 'confidence': 0.713, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 75.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Human relations" is a correct noun phrase that does not require any changes.', 'confidence': 0.7024019138755979, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 125.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Especially , in company , there are many relations .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: human relations\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use proper spelling and punctuation for the word "french fries."', 'confidence': 0.701111111111111, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Ca n't I say `` fries potatoes `` ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Arriving" should be followed by a specific noun to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 0.6966938775510203, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 35.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I expect the arriving would be happen very soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate possession or relationship between two objects.', 'confidence': 0.6900980392156862, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 50.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "expect" followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.6606938775510203, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 68.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I expect the arriving would be happen very soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "fortunately" is spelled with an "n" not an "o"', 'confidence': 0.6596666666666736, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 356.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 51.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "apprentice" should be used.', 'confidence': 0.658967871485966, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 381.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 52.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "comments" and "opinions" should be used.', 'confidence': 0.6443012048193062, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 426.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "to" before the base form of the verb to indicate purpose.', 'confidence': 0.6355585738539897, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 166.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Tuition" should not be used as a standalone noun without a verb to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 0.6298421052631579, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 100.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: tuition\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "JINMAO OBSERVATORY88" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "Jinmao Observatory 88."', 'confidence': 0.6170909090909089, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 265.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 27.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: we went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "more" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 0.6145714285714285, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 62.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Because I could feel more safe and comfortable .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Disappointed" should be followed by a subject and a verb, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.6126551724137931, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 67.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 10.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I disappointed it a little .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "used to" with the base form of the verb to indicate a past habit or action.', 'confidence': 0.6112036199095023, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 93.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When I was in Seoul I used to shopping on website .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I was disappointed that I was not young already !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The infinitive form of the verb "meet" should be followed by "to" + base form of the verb.', 'confidence': 0.5932093023255811, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 213.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 31.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Future tense rule', 'confidence': 0.5899999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 369.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 41.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will write details about my trip tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that in English, nouns generally require an article (a, an, the) unless they are being used in a general or abstract sense.', 'confidence': 0.5879999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 359.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The first diary\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "though" to indicate a contrast.', 'confidence': 0.5853333333333333, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 25.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He started to cry hard after that , though .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use the contraction "don\'t" instead of "do not" in informal writing.', 'confidence': 0.5769999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 365.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Do n't know why .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no specific grammar rule being applied here, the sentence is in simple future tense with the subject "I" and the verb "will have".', 'confidence': 0.5649999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 390.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 45.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will have a board meeting tomorrow .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The word "news" is typically uncountable and does not take an article before it. However, in this case, "news" is being used to refer to a specific news article, so the article "a" is appropriate.', 'confidence': 0.5599999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 400.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 40.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I saw a news on Yahoo yesterday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "which need" instead of "which needs" to agree with the singular noun "rice".', 'confidence': 0.5540909090909089, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 316.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no need for revision as the original sentence is grammatically correct.', 'confidence': 0.5519999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 385.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I felt this was a good article for both Japanese and foreign people to understand Japan 's current situation .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use commas to set off nonrestrictive clauses, which provide additional information but are not essential to the meaning of the sentence.', 'confidence': 0.5499999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 402.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: related documents , which means I was not allowed to make\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Prepositions are used to show a relationship between a noun or pronoun and other words in a sentence. The preposition "in" is used to indicate inclusion within space, a place, or limits. The preposition "on" is used to indicate position upon or supported by a surface. In this case, "starred in" is the correct usage because the friend is participating within the play, not on top of it.', 'confidence': 0.5499999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 394.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 56.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: My friend starred on the play .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "part-2."', 'confidence': 0.5458480443059881, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 64.66666666666667, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 7.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: PART - 1\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: PART - 2\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "PART-2."'}, {'content': 'Use a hyphen instead of a space to connect compound words such as "part 1."'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence also contains a grammar error in the use of "the past" instead of "in the past" to indicate a specific time period.', 'confidence': 0.5450909090909088, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 328.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 36.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Adjectives describing nationality should end in "-ese" for countries and regions.', 'confidence': 0.5439999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 402.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Strange Japanes custom ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that "URL" is a singular noun and should be preceded by the indefinite article "a" when used in a sentence.', 'confidence': 0.5439999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 401.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 55.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: URL\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "aren\'t" for the contraction of "are not"', 'confidence': 0.5419999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 404.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: If my sentences are n't practical correct them .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"So bad" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.5396511627906976, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 61.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Japanese economy is so bad now .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Very hot" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.5385291005291006, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 57.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Very hot , and It was dry .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'When using a pronoun to refer to a person, it should be used consistently throughout the sentence.', 'confidence': 0.5379999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 408.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 54.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He said He traveled around this world .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Adverbs modify verbs to indicate time, manner, place, or degree.', 'confidence': 0.5329999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 419.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: So , I hope that summer will pass fast .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The rule is that when expressing anticipation or excitement about something specific, the preposition "to" should be used before the noun.', 'confidence': 0.5319999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 420.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 48.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She was always looking forward to your lesson .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: When using "city" in a sentence, it should be followed by a specific city name or "the" if referring to a specific city.', 'confidence': 0.5279999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 412.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 60.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I will move to city this Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is a rule in English grammar that states that adjectives should come before the noun they modify. In the original sentence, "different" should come before "values" to follow this rule. However, the original sentence is still grammatically correct as it is.', 'confidence': 0.5279999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 408.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 64.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use "spoke" instead of "said" when referring to speaking a language.', 'confidence': 0.5229999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 418.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: so , I said English with wrong words . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: In English, "Mr." is typically followed by a name or title.', 'confidence': 0.5229999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 415.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Mr .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'No grammar errors', 'confidence': 0.5229999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 424.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 53.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hello World\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contraction rule: In English, contractions combine two words by replacing one or more letters with an apostrophe.', 'confidence': 0.5229999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 430.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 47.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's too hot .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Passive voice should be avoided when the active voice can make the sentence more concise and direct.', 'confidence': 0.5219999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 421.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: An interesting TV show was aired last Saturday .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Common collocations', 'confidence': 0.5209999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 420.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: On Friday I went with my class and my teacher to the Botanical Garden .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'past tense of "get" is "got"', 'confidence': 0.5189999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 421.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 60.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Use an apostrophe in contractions to indicate missing letters', 'confidence': 0.5189999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 416.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 65.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Rule: Capitalize proper nouns such as the name of a specific school.', 'confidence': 0.5189999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 419.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 62.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: He is a junior high school student and studying English .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Contractions', 'confidence': 0.5149999999999996, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 422.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 63.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "can\'t correctly do" instead of "can\'t do correct" to indicate inability to perform a task accurately.', 'confidence': 0.511833333333333, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 237.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "hours" is misspelled.', 'confidence': 0.511833333333333, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 227.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Would rather" is the correct form to express a preference.', 'confidence': 0.5039307359307357, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 383.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 49.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: is not really love to read books ,\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: This time , I dare to write a diary without using my dictionary .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the article "a" before "little bit" to make it grammatically correct', 'confidence': 0.48499999999999954, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 456.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 59.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Sounds a lit bit tricky ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'In English, a question must have a subject, verb, and object in order to be grammatically correct.', 'confidence': 0.4705294117647054, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 395.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: What happened to her ?\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "broadcast" instead of "bring" to indicate the action of showing a series on television.', 'confidence': 0.4479717514124292, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 108.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Hope our TV station can bring the series into Taiwan soon !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct past tense form of "pack" is "packed."', 'confidence': 0.42026865671641755, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 298.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'There is no specific grammar rule that needs to be applied to this sentence.', 'confidence': 0.416936720142618, 'success_used': 0.5, 'success_unused': 692.5, 'failure_used': 0.25, 'failure_unused': 96.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I believe she can sing .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Wonderful voices .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We talked with each other and enjoyed our meals .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'There are no specific grammar rules to be applied in this sentence.'}, {'content': 'There is no specific grammar rule that needs to be applied in this sentence.'}, {'content': 'There are no specific grammar rules or prior knowledge that need to be applied to this sentence.'}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "homeworks" instead of "homework."', 'confidence': 0.41339075705809547, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 312.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 32.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Because when I finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"It is" is the correct present tense form of the verb "to be" for the subject "it."', 'confidence': 0.4121363636363633, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 394.5, 'failure_used': 0.5, 'failure_unused': 57.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is raining in Tokyo .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Today , my country is rainy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The rule is that "it is" is the correct present tense form of the verb "to be" for the subject "it."'}]
[{'content': 'Use "the" before a specific noun, such as "property," to indicate a specific instance of the noun.', 'confidence': 0.4083548387096775, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 11.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I went to the lost property in the station after work .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Proper spelling and punctuation should be used for the word "margherita."', 'confidence': 0.4023548387096775, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 15.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It was a mergherita pizza .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'A singular countable noun that generally requires an article (a, an, the) or another determiner (my, this, etc.) should be used after the verb "come" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 0.366, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Come to me chance surely .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "wish" instead of "say" to indicate a greeting.', 'confidence': 0.33376470588235296, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 74.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I say Merry Christmas to you all .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "I\'m study" instead of "My study" to indicate the possession of the study of English.', 'confidence': 0.31199999999999983, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 80.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm study of English was started .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Holidays" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': 0.30733333333333324, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 23.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Holidays\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"Happy" should be followed by a noun or pronoun, not just a pronoun.', 'confidence': 0.3035862068965518, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 21.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 3.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Wish You Happy In Paradise\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Acronyms should be used with a specific topic or subject included after the verb "discuss" to form a complete sentence.', 'confidence': 0.25789655172413783, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 45.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 4.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: BBQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Last English lesson , we discussed it .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use a space between "PART" and "2" to form the correct compound word "PART 2."', 'confidence': 0.22199999999999998, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 26.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 2.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: PART - 2\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "for" to indicate the duration of an activity or event.', 'confidence': 0.21849999999999992, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 82.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 12.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It 's too short in break time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "fall" instead of "fell" to indicate the correct past tense form of the verb.', 'confidence': 0.21133333333333315, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 194.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 28.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The use of a comma after "stomach" is unnecessary and can be removed for improved clarity.', 'confidence': 0.2109206349206345, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 374.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 50.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "sophisticate" to indicate the process of making something more complex or refined, not to enhance sensitivity.', 'confidence': 0.1736666666666663, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 294.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 39.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: b ) I have to cultivate ( enhance / enrich / sophisticate ) the sensitivity to others ' feelings .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "on weekdays" to indicate working days.', 'confidence': 0.17031249999999987, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 128.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "strictly" to indicate a high degree of something.', 'confidence': 0.15955857385398975, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 167.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 13.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "a" before "graduate school" to indicate a specific graduate school.', 'confidence': 0.14031249999999984, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 169.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "lesson\'s" should be used instead of "lesson \'s" to indicate the possessive form.', 'confidence': 0.13714135103475344, 'success_used': 1.0, 'success_unused': 112.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: The lesson 's topic was Halloween .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The contraction "what \'s" should be "what\'s" to indicate "what is."', 'confidence': 0.12395059625212934, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 37.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 6.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "qualifications" instead of "quarifications" to indicate the plural form of the noun.', 'confidence': 0.04554646840148702, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 84.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 8.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I hope to get any quarifications in english .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Plural nouns in English do not typically end in "s" when referring to a general concept. "Architecture" is an uncountable noun and does not need to be pluralized.', 'confidence': 0.033203619909501936, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 364.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 58.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Acronyms should not be used as standalone sentences.', 'confidence': -0.008, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 8.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: QQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Acronyms should be accompanied by their full form or context for clarity.', 'confidence': -0.009000000000000001, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 9.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 0.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: URL\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "anymore" to indicate the current time frame.', 'confidence': -0.010003861003861178, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 127.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 22.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use the gerund form "learning" after "dare" instead of "to write"', 'confidence': -0.02400386100386119, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 146.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 17.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The original sentence contains a grammar error in the use of "Epidemy" instead of "Epidemic." The revised sentence should be "Epidemic of Cool."', 'confidence': -0.05050143266475647, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 114.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Epidemy of Cool\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "cited" instead of "cited" to indicate the action of being referenced.', 'confidence': -0.05238327526132401, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 73.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 9.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Use "enjoy" instead of "enjoyed" to indicate a general preference.', 'confidence': -0.058383275261324016, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 83.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 5.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': '"BBQ" should not be used as a standalone adjective without a noun to modify.', 'confidence': -0.08700000000000006, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 76.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 11.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: BBQ\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'The correct spelling of "physically" should be used.', 'confidence': -0.17069879518072303, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 225.0, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 21.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Spelling error: "puzzied" is misspelled. The correct spelling is "puzzled."', 'confidence': -0.1943179510494811, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 245.5, 'failure_used': 1.0, 'failure_unused': 41.5, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}, {'content': 'The correct spelling of "puzzied" should be used. The correct spelling is "puzzled."'}]
[{'content': 'No grammar errors found.', 'confidence': -1.3541016949152502, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 427.0, 'failure_used': 2.0, 'failure_unused': 61.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: Electioneering\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?", "Sentence: We are the champions in Asia !\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
[{'content': 'Knowledge base:', 'confidence': -8.810000000000558, 'success_used': 0.0, 'success_unused': 8789.0, 'failure_used': 0.0, 'failure_unused': 1021.0, 'source_questions': {"Sentence: hint : in Japan .\nQuestion: What's the grammar errors and revised sentence of above sentence?"}}]
