Namespace(data_dir='../data/CLUTRR', dataset='CLUTRR', dataset_type='test', prompt_type='CoT_rule', rule_base_path='../experiment/rule_base_final', sample_strategy='confidence_500')Instruction: Following are several existed rules in knowledge base. When you answer the questions, try to use the provided rules whenever possible in <retrieved_rule>xxx<retrieved_rule> format. Try not to invent knowledge by yourself unless necessary. But if so, you are permitted to establish your own rules in <new_rule>xxx<new_rule> format.
Knowledge base (involved rules):
Context: The relations on the path from Alan to Anthony are daughter, uncle, son.
Question: Anthony is Alan's what?
Answer:
The relation path is daughter, uncle, son (3)
The first relation pair is daughter and uncle. We retrieve "Siblings of a parent are aunts or uncles to their sibling's children", so daughter's uncle is brother, then the relations are reduced to brother, son (3 to 2).
The first relation pair is brother and son. We retrieve "The child of one's sibling is one's niece or nephew", so brother's son is nephew, then the relations are reduced to nephew (2 to 1).
Therefore, the answer is nephew.

Context: The relations on the path from Annie to Carlos are brother, mother, son.
Question: Carlos is Annie's what?
Answer:
The relation path is brother, mother, son (3).
The first relation pair is brother's mother. We retrieve "Siblings share the same parents", so brother's mother is mother, then the relations are reduced to mother, son (3 to 2).
The first relation pair is mother's son. We retrieve "Children of the same parents are siblings", so mother's son is brother, then the relations are reduced to brother (2 to 1).
Therefore, the answer is brother.

Context: The relations on the path from Beverly to Michelle are father, daughter, aunt.
Question: Michelle is Beverly's what?
Answer:
The relation path is father, daughter, aunt (3).
The first relation pair is father's daughter. We retrieve "Children of the same parents are siblings", so father's daughter is sister, then the relations are reduced to sister, aunt (3 to 2).
The first relation pair is sister's aunt. We retrieve "Siblings of a parent are aunts or uncles to their sibling's children", so sister's aunt is aunt, then the relations are reduced to aunt (2 to 1).
Therefore, the answer is aunt.

Context: The relations on the path from Lee to Jeanna are father, daughter, sister.
Question: Jeanna is Lee's what?
Answer:
The relation path is father, daughter, sister (3).
The first relation pair is father's daughter. We retrieve "Children of the same parents are siblings", so father's daughter is sister, then the relations are reduced to sister, sister (3 to 2).
The first relation pair is sister's sister. We have "sister's sister is sister", so sister's sister is sister, then the relations are reduced to sister (2 to 1).
Therefore, the answer is sister.

Context: The relations on the path from Craig to Molly are sister, father, mother.
Question: Molly is Craig's what?
Answer:
The relation path is sister, father, mother (3).
The first relation pair is sister's father. We retrieve "Siblings share the same parents", so sister's father is father, then the relations are reduced to father, mother (3 to 2).
The first relation pair is father's mother. We retrieve "Grandparents' children are parents of their grandchildren", so father's mother is grandmother, then the relations are reduced to grandmother (2 to 1).
Therefore, the answer is grandmother.

{}
Answer:max_confidence_num: 500
rule_base:
Grandparents have grandchildren.
In most cases, a person's grandmother is the mother of one of their parents.
Maternal grandmother is the mother of one's mother.
Grandchildren are the children of one's children.
Children of one's children are their grandchildren.
Brother is a male sibling
The child of one's child is their grandchild.
Children of siblings are cousins to each other
The child of my child is my grandchild.
Grandparents' children are parents of their grandchildren
In most cases, a father's father is a grandfather.
Mothers have children
Knowledge base (involved rules):
In general, a father is the male parent of one's parent.
Jason is Guillermina's grandfather.
Parents have children
Jason is the grandfather of Donald.
Fathers often enjoy spending time with their children.
Lisa is Scott's mother.
Asia is Gabrielle's granddaughter.
Marriage creates a relationship between the spouses and their respective families.
Alma is Lucille's aunt.
Family relationships are typically based on biological or legal connections.
Jason is a grandparent to Scott.
Family relationship: Mother and son
Family members with the same parents are siblings
Relationships are determined by blood or marriage.
parent's mother is a grandparent
Jason is Joe's grandfather.
In general, a person's mother is their biological parent.
Jason is Aida's grandfather.
Jason is Lucille's grandfather.
siblings of a parent are aunts or uncles to their sibling's children
Mothers call their children to come upstairs.
Lucille is Myrna's daughter.
In a family, siblings share the same parents.
Children have children, who are their grandchildren.
Michael is the sibling of Guillermina's parent, making him her uncle.
Family members share the same parents or one parent.
Daughter's child is Jason's grandchild
Jason is a common male name, typically belonging to an older generation.</rule>
In general, a sibling of a person's parent is their uncle or aunt.
Grandparents are older than their grandchildren.
Myrna is the mother of Lucille and Guillermina.
Father-son relationship
In general, a person's father's father is their grandfather.
Family relationship
Parent's child is the grandparent of their child's child.
Family relationships are determined by biological or legal connections.
Parents have children.
father's father is the grandfather
Brother's son is nephew
Parents are the biological or legal guardians of their children.
Grand marshal is often an honorary title given to a respected person in a parade or event.
In general, a person's mother is the parent who gave birth to them.
Spouse's father is the father-in-law
Nephews are the sons of one's siblings.
Christopher is the father of Guillermina, who is married to William, making Christopher William's father-in-law.
Brother's child is niece or nephew
Alma is the mother of Donald and Jennifer.
Sibling relationship
Children who share the same parent are siblings.
Mother's mother is the child's grandmother.
mother-son relationship
Jason is the father of Michael, who is Alma's husband.
In general, a child's daughter's child is their grandchild.
xxx
parent's child is the grandparent of their child's child
Your child's uncle is either your brother or your spouse's brother.
Siblings are individuals who share at least one parent
Brother of Myrna is Jose's uncle
A sibling's child is called a niece or nephew.
In general, a brother and sister have the same parents.
Grandparents are the parents of one's parents
Children are the offspring of their parents.
Fathers have the authority to make decisions for their children
Jason is Lisa's father.
Family relationship rule
Grandson is the son of one's child.
Grandparents have grandchildren
Your child's uncle is either your brother or your spouse's brother
Family members with the same parents are siblings.
Robert is married to Jennifer, who is Michael's daughter. Therefore, Robert is Michael's son-in-law.
Michael is the sibling of Guillermina's parent, making him her uncle
Marriage creates a relationship of son-in-law.
Children's children are their grandchildren
Parents have the authority to discipline their children.
Children are typically taken to school by their parents or guardians.
Brothers' children are your nieces or nephews
Brothers' children are your nieces or nephews.
Fathers are male parents.
In general, a mother is a female parent.
Male grandparents are called grandfathers.
Marriage creates the relationship of son-in-law
Grandparents' children are parents of their grandchildren.
Children's grandparents are their parents' parents
Siblings share at least one parent.
Parents of one's parents are called grandparents.
If Person A is the parent of Person B, and Person B is a sibling of Person C, then Person A is the parent of Person C.
In general, a grandfather is the father of one's parent.
Children of the same parent are siblings
In general, a mother has a child.
A person's mother is their biological parent.
If Person A is the parent of Person B, and Person B is the spouse of Person C, then Person A is the parent-in-law of Person C.
Marriage creates the relationship of son-in-law.
A person's child's spouse is their child's parent-in-law.
Aida's mother Dorothy is Myrna's sister.
Grandparents are the parents of one's parents.
Marriage creates a relationship between the spouses and their families
Children of the same parent are siblings.
Siblings of a parent are aunts or uncles to their sibling's children.
Marriage creates a relationship between the spouses and their families.
The child of one's sibling is one's niece or nephew.
Children of the same parents are siblings to each other.
Siblings of a parent are aunts or uncles to their sibling's children
Children of the same parents are siblings
Siblings share the same parents.
Children of siblings are cousins to each other.
Children of the same parents are siblings.
Siblings are individuals who share at least one parent.
